- Alright, welcome back. Now
in the last video we talked about "What is a funnel?". And by the way, if you haven't
had a chance to read the Dotcom Secrets book, I
would recommend it cause this is where we go deep
into like "what is a funnel", the whole concept that
whoever spends the most money to acquire a customer wins
is all talked about in here. We talk about funnel structure
and like, it's a really good book to understand
the strategy behind funnels if you don't have it yet. So
click on the button down below. There will be a page
you can go get the book. I think it's $7.95
shipping & handling. But that's what
this is all about, help you understand
funnel structure better. Now one of the core concepts
inside of here that I want to share with you because it's
such a key to understanding how funnels work. It is a
concept called the Value Ladder. So, the way the
Value Ladder works, if you look at this
image right here, on the left hand
axis you have value. This is how much value
you're giving someone. As the arrow goes up,
the higher the value is. On the bottom axis,
it has price, and as you go to the right it
gets more and more expensive. Now, most business owners
like, the most ideal thing would be able to provide
the most amount of value for somebody and get the
most amount of money, right? Like for example, we
have a coaching program, we charge a million
dollars to create someone's funnel for them.
And that's amazing right? Like in a perfect world, I
could go to every single person and be like, "It's a million
dollars but I'll create a funnel for you and it's
going to be awesome." The problem is, if I walked
up and saw you on the street for the first time, and
like "Hey, my name is Russell Brunson, I know I
look like I'm 11 years old. But if you give me
a million dollars, I will build a funnel for you." You're going to think
I'm insane, right? Because I provided zero
value to you at this point. Yet that's what a lot of as
business owners are doing, we're coming, we're pitching
our most expensive high thing, and shooting for the fences,
but people have not received value from us, so
they don't want that. So if you look at
how businesses work, it moved to this thing
called a Value Ladder, where initially when someone
first comes in to your world, they're kinda testing the
water and feeling things out. So what you want to
do is provide value for them right there, for free. And if they get value, the
tip of their toe in the water, and they're like, "Wow,
that was really really cool, I had a good experience with
so-and-so" and they received value, us as humans, we
naturally will want more. And we start sending up.
Well, that was a really good experience, what
else do you have? And we'll move up the Value
Ladder, where you have a chance to offer them more value, but
they'll give you more money. And then if they receive
value at that level, they'll naturally want more and they'll
keep moving through this ascension until you stop
selling them something or till you offend them. And
that's how business works. And so, for you that's
understanding this process of the Value Ladder. And you know,
listen, in the real world, right, if someone came
to you the first day and said "Hey, what do
you do for a living?" You would tell them, and you'd
try to explain some stuff and try to give them
something that's like "Aw, cool, that's awesome."
And you build some rapport, and they're would be some
value there, and then the next thing you can do is offer
them something else, okay? It's the same thing like,
if and when you met your spouse, the first
time you met them, you know the first thing,
you ask them on a date. And you provide value, if they
have a good time on the date, then you go on a second date,
and it keeps going on until you get married. There's
this logical progression. Yet, for some reason, online,
we all forget that, all these common sense rules
fall out of the world. "Oh, they're pixels and they're
things and it's traffic" And, no, it's people. You
have to understand that. So what happens is, every
single funnel is a Value Ladder. When someone comes to
my very first page, I'm saying "Hey my name
is Russell Brunson, "I want you to give me
your email address." If I stopped there,
you receive no value. Like "Why would I give
you my email address?" Kay, you come to the
page and I'm like "Hey my name's Russell, and
I wrote a really cool report called blah blah blah blah
blah, whatever it is." And say I'll give you
this report for free, just give me your email address
and I'll send it to you. And you're like "Oh, okay."
You give me your email address. I send you this report,
you get the report, you get some value, like
"That was really really good, "Russell's a cool dude."
Then on the next page in the funnel, then it's like,
"Hey I just sent you a report "Go check it out. I think
you're really going to love it." But while you're here, I want
to make a really special offer to you, and then I try
to provide value again. Normally, I sell this thing
for blah, but I'm going to give you a special discount
cause you're here right now. Or, whatever that thing might
be, because you're a first time subscriber, normally,
the first thing I want to sell you is this thing. A lot
of times, in my business, I sell books for really
really cheap or we do, if you're an off-line business,
maybe it's a free exam, or whatever it is. But it's
something you're providing value Okay, if someone gets that,
they buy the next thing, and the next page is like
"Hey, you just bought my book "for $7.95", on the next page,
it's like hey, your book's coming, you're going to love it. But some people like to learn
in the classroom situation, I have a home study
course that's This, or whatever that thing might be. Same thing works with
e-commerce. Cause people always tell me "Well that works
in Information, but not in e-commerce." But the same
thing works in e-commerce. One of our number one quick
funnel sellers right now, he built a huge
funnel, it was one of the most successful
funnels I've ever seen. And it started
with a flashlight. "Hey, this is a
tactical flashlight, "would you like to buy it?" And people bought the
flashlight, and started thinking "How else can I provide
value to this person?" And started bringing
through a value ladder, he said "Look, you bought a
flashlight for this price, "how would you like a
second one for 50% off?" And boom, like half
the people said yes. Things like, "Hey now you
have this flashlight, you want a kit, like a carrying
case you can put it in?" "Oh yeah, sure, yes." And
boom, took the next thing. And he kept thinking how
else do I provide value. "Hey, do you want
rush shipping?" Yes. "Hey, do you want this?" Yes. And so the value ladder is
always thinking about that. So every time I'm working
on a funnel, I'm thinking about this is like, they see
an ad, they see something, they click on something,
they come to my page. The first page of my
funnel, and I'm thinking "How do I provide
this person value?" What do I want in return?
I want their email address, maybe want their credit
card, maybe want them to register for a webinar, whatever
the action is on that page. I'm thinking how do I
provide value to this person? And if I do it in a cool way,
and they connect and they have a good
experience, guess what? They're going to want
to buy again. And again. And that's how you build
a business the right way. Okay? And so as we do more
and more of these trainings, we'll go more into value
ladder, because value ladder is happening in a bunch
of different places. It happens inside of
your funnel. Every
page in your funnel is the next step of a
mini value ladder, okay? Also, and I'm going to talk
about this in the next major training, after you go
through your first funnel, then usually you have a
second funnel, and usually that's a bigger
piece of the value. So it's kinda like a
micro and the macro. But for right now, it's
my thinking about that, it's like every single
interaction I have with someone, I need to provide them value.
And then if they like that, they will naturally ascend up
and they'll want more value. And I can charge them more
and if they like that I can provide the more and
we can keep taking them through this process. Okay? That's how I can go right
now and get people to pay me a million dollars to
build a funnel for them. Because I provided value
to all these levels. I provided value through my
books, through my software, through my training,
through my events. Now when it comes
to there, it's like, "Yes, I trust Russell.
I have rapport with him, he's awesome. I
believe that he will do what he's going to do."
And now they're willing to invest the big money. And your
business is the same thing, so you've got to start
thinking through that. And so I want you guys to
just understand that concept of the value ladder. The
other thing is if you don't have a copy of this book
yet, I highly recommend, we'll have a link down
below to go get it. Again, this will teach you
all about funnel structures, it will teach you about value
ladders and a whole bunch of other things. This will help
you understand the strategy of funnels in a much deeper way. So, get the book if you
don't have it yet as well. Thanks so much, and we'll
see you on the next training.