- All the most successful
groups of people throughout time have had a mastermind group. Think about king
Arthur and the knights of the round table. You think about my
group of people. The funnel hackers,
like the illuminati. That's actually
probably a bad example, but all of us have a
(mumbles) group of people where we get together and
we share ideas, thoughts, passions to be able to get
something even more successful than where we are today. If you think about
it, they always say that you are the average of
your five closest friends in terms of how
much money you make, how successful you are,
the things, the vision, everything you're
doing is all based on the people you're
surrounding yourself with, and the right mastermind
group can elevate you to the next level. (intense music) So why should you
have mastermind group? If you do have one, how
do you actually run it? Well with my mastermind group, the way it works, we get
together twice a year and it gives the chance to
hold each other accountable. Every time before the
next meeting happens, everybody's so excited
to get stuff done they promised
they'd do last time 'cause they don't
wanna disappoint the
rest of the group. Number two, it gives
you foresight and vision what to do next. It's kinda like Wayne Gretzky. He said that the reason
why he was so good is not because he knew
how to find the goal, it's 'cause he knew
where the puck was going, because he knew
where it was going, he was able to get there
before everybody else, and the same thing true
in the mastermind group. You figure out the
vision where you're all going collectively, and you get there
before everybody else. Other amazing benefits
are you get some amazing collaborations. Your best partners are
typically inside of your mastermind groups. One of my favorite
things is it's actually the best way to learn. It's way better than our
traditional education system. Here I'm learning from
people who are in the weeds doing it every single day as opposed to people that read
theory about it in a book. And now I wanna tell you
about how I created mine so that you get some insights
to how you can create yours as well. (intense music) First things you
gotta think about as you're deciding
to do your mastermind is what's the topic? Every mastermind is
themed around a topic. Some around business
building, some around fitness, some around financial planning. Whatever your market it, you gotta find that group
of people to be interested. The second phase is then
figuring out who are the right people in the room. Who could actually
complement each other? Who's ideas, if
they were shared, would actually help
the group grow together as opposed to competing and
kinda tearing the group down, and really figuring out what's
your space in this ecosystem? Why is your mastermind
different or unique from anybody else's? Why would some come
all the way to you, to Boise, Idaho, or
wherever you live, to be a part of your
mastermind group? What is it that
makes your special? Mine's called the inner circle and what makes ours
special is we're the only mastermind group that
specialized in sales funnels and using sales funnels
to grow your companies. That niche inside of
all business buildings is what makes ours unique
and makes ours different. You gotta figure out
for yourself what
makes yours different and that's what's gonna
get the right people to come to you and be
attracted into your group. Another example, my friend Stu, he's got a huge mastermind
group teaching people how to run membership sites. Another one is Rhonda Swan. She lives all the
way out in Bali, and she helps people
to do branding, but also it's a
niche inside that where people actually
wanna travel as well. So they're traveling to Bali,
they're talking about travel, so it's taking the
people who want branding, people who want travel, and that cross
section is what makes her mastermind magic. It doesn't matter
what market you're in, as long as you pick a market and find people
inside that market who are interested
in your topic, and bring those people together and collectively you
all grow together. (intense music) All right, now one of
the most important things when you're building
your mastermind is how you get the groups. The first thing is
you have to run people through an application. If you let everybody in, you have no idea what
kind of crazy people can get into your room and
destroy the whole group from the inside out. - All I'm--
- Shh! - They're gonna get--
- Shh! - I--
- Shh! - I'm just--
- Shh! Knock, knock.
- Who's there? - Shh! - So we always have to have
an application processes to get somebody in, to
make sure the right fit for the group you're
trying to build. Number two is when
somebody's in there, you have to be protective
of your family, of the group you are building. Multiple times I've
had to kick people out because they weren't
willing to share or they were takers and not
serving the group as a whole. You have to be willing
and okay with actually kicking people out and
giving them their money back. And number three
is you have to cap how many people are
inside of the group. As it started to grow, I decided I was gonna
cap it off at 100 people. Which was the smartest thing
I did. Two things happened. Number one, is it
kept people in. People didn't leave because
the group was finite, and they didn't want
to lose their spot. We call it inner
circle for life. If they leave, they
can never come back in. once somebody is in, they're in, and the second thing
is that as soon as the spots are filled up, and no matter what happens,
we do not sell more than our 100 spots. At that point, the
group is locked out and that way it keeps
the family atmosphere because everybody keeps
re-upping year in and year out, that family gets
tighter and tighter, and everybody
collectively as a whole, all their companies, all their
businesses all grow together, and you see a bigger
impact amongst the people you're serving when you cap
it and keep everybody within, as opposed to having a
mastermind where new people are coming in and out
every single week, every single month,
and every single year. (calming music) So after you got your group
and people are signed up for it and you're gonna do it, then the next question
is where do you do it? Do you do it virtually,
do you do it online, or do you actually go somewhere
to a physical location? I'm a big believer that
there's some magic that happens when people are
together in a room that you kinda miss
when you're just online. So I'm a big believer in
getting people into the room. There's two kind of
places you can go. Some people like me, who'd
like to stay close to home can do it in their hometown, or the other idea, which a
lot of people do as well, is find a destination location. Go somewhere where people
wanna go on vacation anyway, do the mastermind group, and
then have a extended vacation right either before or after
the mastermind as well. Which is a good way to get
people to want to go there, because not only are they
going for your meeting, they're going for
their vacation as well. When people come in the
room the very first time, we try not to just allow
them to sit anywhere, 'cause they do that, they
go sit by their friends and by the different
relationships they already have, and when you're
super comfortable, it's hard to be vulnerable, so what we do is we
actually set the room and we move around the seats so you're not sitting
next to the people you're super comfortable with, you sit next to
people who are new so you can get to know them. You can talk about them, and it's the easiest way to
start opening yourself up. And each time you come back in, all the seats are
mixed up again. So you're never sitting
two days in a row next to the same person, and that way you get
different perspectives and different insights
than you would by hanging out with the
same friends you know every single time. (calming music) When they first come
through the door, one of the things we give
them besides the swag that we have them put
on, is a notebook, and it's always a new
notebook, it's completely blank from the very beginning, and the reason why we did
that is after the first two or three years of
giving out notebooks, we had one of our members,
his name's Jamie Amus, he came on stage and he
held up three or four of his notebooks he had and he said, I've been in
the mastermind group now for two years. I've been through four meetings, and he said, every
one of these notebooks I fill full of notes when
I'm sitting in the room. He said, as I've gone home, every one of these
has made me at least an extra million dollars. He says there's four million
dollars of value right here in this hand, and he
said I'm back excited to start filling up
book number five. And ever since then,
we've always had a brand new clean, clear
notebook for everyone as soon as they
come to the door, because their next million
idea is about to be put into that thing, and if they get it,
they can take it home and they can execute on it. (intense music) First it started
really, really small, and I didn't really
know what I was doing, and if I'm completely honest, at first it was kind of boring. But what I wanted to
talk about tonight is kind of a broad
overview of the whole internet marketing business. And then I realized
one of the secrets. Is if you run a mastermind group the way you run school,
the way you run college, what happens is
everybody falls asleep. (grunting) And so we decided, okay we
have to keep the energy up really, really high
if we're gonna have a successful experience, and people are gonna get
the most out of it possible. So they come in the
door, immediately
they always get swag. When they come into the room,
we have to have an ambiance, and a feel that feels
a little bit different, 'cause we want this
to be a marketing raid where people are learning,
they're enjoying it, but they're not
gonna fall asleep, so that's why we're
consistently pumping oxygen into the room to make sure
everybody stays awake. That's not actually
true, we don't do that, but that'd be awesome. (laughing) Between every single break, people don't sit, everybody
stands up and they walk and they move. Momentum will move you forward, momentum keeps your brain
working and functioning at the highest level. If I'm gonna keep your
energy high for two days, it can't be like school. It has to be a different,
unique experience. It has to be more like a
club than your homeroom. Then the second layer is sound. If it's super quiet, it
keeps the energy low. We gotta keep the energy high. Again, just like
you're in a dance club. So we have a DJ, next you have to
have a whiteboard. Not any kind of whiteboard. It's gotta be a big
whiteboard with big markers so as you're doodling fast, people can see everything from the very back of the room. There's nothing worse
than mic runners and everybody's waiting,
it slows the energy down. So we have the mics
that you can actually throw across the room. Keep the energy high, so the second someone's
got a question, you can address it, they
can ask the question, throw it back. We keep the motion and keep
the momentum moving forward the whole time. Then we have all of
the energy drinks. These are essential,
'cause most entrepreneurs have ADD, and we're not used
to sitting in a classroom behind a desk. In fact, most of us struggled
or we failed out of school. When we're siting in a desk,
it kinda stresses us out, so we allow people
to stand up to move. We let them drink energy drinks, 'cause we want nobody
dozing off, feeling tired. We wanna keep the energy
level high the entire time. We also have energy gum. The stuff came
from the military. If you chew that, then you
will never fall asleep. The next step, we
always bring food in. The food is very paleo. Lots of meats, lots of
vegetables to make sure that nobody slows down
both mentally or physically as we're going
throughout the day. (intense music) I'm gonna walk you through
how we run our day here. When the meeting first begins, I usually get up at
the very beginning and kinda go through
some of the ground rules and how the whole
game's gonna be played, because a lot of times
there's new people coming in so I explain how it's gonna work and kinda set the
tone for the day. Welcome to inner
circle, everybody. (cheering) So excited to have
you guys here today. Immediately after
that, then I transition into the biggest
takeaways that I've gotten since the last six
months I've been here. As a facilitator, I wanna
make sure that I'm always bringing the best, the
newest, the coolest stuff to share with them. The stuff they wouldn't
see anywhere else. They're not gonna see
it in a product course or online anywhere else. Just the stuff that we're
seeing behind the scenes, and I just open up the curtains. I give them everything
that we're doing. So see exactly what we're doing so they can then
take those things and implement them
back in their business. To be the first isn't the key, but it's understanding
how to actually design and execute on a category, and when you do that, and you become
the category king, then it's almost impossible
to beat you, right? Then we break down and
we have each person gets a chance to get up on stage and talk about their business. So the way it begins
is I grab the mic box and I scream their name
at the top of the lungs, everybody stand up and give
them a huge round of applause so we can set the tone
and the energy right. We then have their
song start playing as they walk up on stage. Together for Mr.
James P (mumbles) (applause) Yeah. They're given 30 times of
time to go on and present to the audience. The first 10 to 15 minutes, they have a chance
to share their story, and to give anything
that they've got, that they've learned
inside their business, any of the big takeaways,
the big ah-ha's, the things that are
working the best for them. They just give
those to the group, and one of the biggest
rules is you always provide value first before you ever
ask for value back in exchange. So after they provide as
much value as they can to the group, then the last
15 minutes they transition, and this is where they can
ask the group for help. Here's the things
they're working on, thing they're stuck, things
they're not sure about, things that they're
thinking about doing, they want feedback
from the group before they actually do that. But we don't hold things back. We tell them exactly what, not what they wanna hear
but what they need to hear. We give them actual
proof of validation of hey we tried this in my
business and it didn't work. We saw it over her
and it didn't work. Instead you should
be doing this. Sometimes it's brutal,
sometimes peoples' dreams, and visions, and plans
we kinda destroy them, but afterwards we
build them back up and give them the
foundation they need to actually move forward, so that way when
they go back home and they start running, they're
running the right direction. There's nothing
worse than running and doing everything right but you're running in
the wrong direction. We course correct, we get
them on the right path, and make sure they're running
towards the right target. When they do that, they get to where they're
trying to get to a lot faster, and that's the goal
of the mastermind. After you get off stage,
then I grab the mic and I yell back, all
right everyone stand up and you're gonna walk and talk and share with the rest of
the group the biggest takeaway you got from that
person's presentation. And everyone has a chance
to then grab a new partner, walk around the room,
and share the biggest ah-ha that they got from
that person's presentation. One of the amazing
byproducts of the mastermind that you don't plan
on when you show up that happens every single time is that you think you're
gonna get the most value when you're on stage, but typically what happens is
while you're paying attention to serving that person,
that's when you get the biggest ah-ha's for
your own personal business. So as you're listening
with those ears, listening for the ah-ha's
coming back down to you, and you grab those things, and
as you're walking, talking, you share them with the
partner next to you, 'cause when you share
them, it solidifies them, it cements them into your mind and it actually gives
you something you can use when you go back home. As we walk around the room, we walk and talk, we
keep the energy high while we're switching
up and getting the next person prepared for
their chance to be on stage. When it's all over,
the last thing we do at the end of day number two is I allow every single
person in the room to share the biggest
takeaway they got. The biggest problems you have when it comes to
something like this, is you got a notepad full of
thousands of different ideas. Which one are you gonna
actually execute on? I have everyone
spend a few minutes and look at everything and see
what's the biggest takeaway. If you were to take just
one idea, one thought, one impression from
the last two days, what would be the
thing you'd implement that'd have the biggest
impact on your life and on your business? Then we let everyone
go around the room and share their
biggest takeaway. What's interesting is that all
of us sat in the same room, all of us heard the
same presentations, all of us saw and
experienced the same thing, but every single person's
biggest takeaway is different. A lot of times they got
a different takeaway that I didn't even
hear when I heard that exact same presentation. And it's amazing
'cause I hear that, I'm like, oh my gosh
I totally missed that, and I'm able to get
the biggest ah-ha's from each person in the group, and a lot of times
I end up rearranging my takeaways and my order of
priorities because of that, and that's the best
way to kind of end the mastermind group because it gives you a chance to get a different perspective on what was the most impactful
from the entire experience, and then after the mastermind
is over each night, and throughout the
weekend afterwards, we have what we
call the aftermind. Which is where
everyone gets together, they network, and they
keep the party happening, they keep the energy,
they keep networking even into the night to help build the
relationships even stronger, to help them to
understand each other, help each other more, and
we keep that happening all throughout the night
during the aftermind. (intense music) They say that
entrepreneurship is the most lonely job in the
world, and it is. You're sitting there on your
computer with your mind, and a lot of the times,
the people around you don't know what
you're going through, they don't understand
what you're going through. Even if it's your
wife, your family. They love you, but they
don't understand it. I've watched over the
last five or six years I've been running
this inner circle, people who didn't have
anything came into this program and watched as they grew
from the seed of an idea inside their mind
to companies that do millions of dollars
a year in sales, and it's been interesting to see as this group, they went
from being colleagues and acquaintances, to
friends, to now family. And we look at it
from the outside, it may seem kinda simple. It's not a super
complicated process, but what happens
inside of these walls, it changes peoples' lives. When someone is there with
you during your down times, when they experience the
pain of your sacrifice, they celebrate the wins
with you 10 times more than anybody else, and
that's the power of having a family mastermind
group like this. So if you don't have a
mastermind group yet, go and find one,
find your tribe, find your group of people
you can connect with, you can grow with, you
can serve together, and if for some reason
there's not a mastermind group in whatever marker you're in, then now you have my permission,
you have the tools now to go and start your own. So that means get
your energy drinks, get your disco lights, get
your swag, get your notebooks, get your tribe, your
people together, and change the lives of the
people you're gonna serve.