- Hey, this is Russell Brunson, and I got a really
cool tutorial for you. I'm gonna walk through
seven different sales funnel marketing tips. I wanted to give these
to you guys because if you have a funnel and it's
not making you money yet, it's usually not a big
thing, it's usually like one of these little, tiny
tweaks you gotta make. So I'm gonna walk you through
seven tips that you can add any of these seven to your
funnel to make more money, have more success. With that said, let's jump
into the tutorial right now. Now, if you don't have a
sales funnel yet, that's okay. This is gonna be for like, "Oh my gosh, I could do
this, I could do this." If you do have sales funnel
that's not doing that well, these seven tips are gonna
be ideas how to tweak 'em and change 'em and
make 'em even better. So I'm gonna jump right
into them right now. As you guys are hearing this,
I want you to vote down below what is your favorite tip. Number one, you need
to add more curiosity to your headlines to
increase conversions. These are some of my
friends, Mike and AJ, they're in my inner circle and what's interesting is
they came to inner circle, and they're like, "Russell,
we have this webinar "and it's sucking." I'm like, "What do you mean?" They're like, "It's horrible. "Right now we're spending $24,85 "to get somebody to
register for the webinar "and only 22% of people
actually show up." They're like, "How do
we fix our webinar?" And I was like, "I'm not
even gonna touch your webinar "because I'm just gonna
tweak one little thing." I said, "When I read
your headline it says, "How to Add Six Figures to
Your Web Design Business "by Copying My Secret
Method for Helping Companies "Get More Real Five-Star Reviews "Without Selling, Spending
Lots of Time or Money." I say, "When I read
that, I know exactly "what your webinar's about. "Your webinar's gonna
show me how to get reviews "for local customers, "and if I'm like, I think
I know how to do that, "I'm not gonna show up." I said, "That's why your
ad cost is so expensive, "and that's why your
show-up rate's so low." People are like, "I'll register,
but I think I already know, "so I'm not gonna make
it that important for me "to actually show up." So I said, "All you
gotta do is just "add more curiosity
to your headline. "Don't tell me what it is,
tell me what it's not." The more curiosity I have, the more likely I am
to actually show up and so he changed
that and all he did to this entire webinar is he
just changed the headline. So there's the old landing
page, here's the new one. Now the headline says,
"How I Added Six Figures "to My Web Company
by Adding This "One Easy to Offer Service
That Doesn't Require "Cold Calling, Spending
Lots of Time, Money "or Require Extra Resources "And it's not Facebook
ads, FCO, email marketing, "website, social
media, graphic design, "digital marketing,
photography or video. "Register now and
find out what it is." All he did is just
ramped up the curiosity. Like, what is it? I know what it's not,
but I have no idea what it actually is! Now the increase in curiosity
makes people freak out and guess what happened? Two amazing things. Number one, their
ad cost went from, here's the number it was before. From 24,85 to $5,84, 'kay? The ad cost dropped
dramatically down and then their show-up
rate went from 22% to like now over
30% of people like, "I gotta find out what it is." Number two, you need
to grow your list by using a lead magnet. So what's a lead magnet? You guys have all seen
lead funnels before, it's a funnel if someone
comes on your page, you're like, "Hey, I'll give you "this really really cool thing "if you give me
your email address." And then they give you
their email address and then you give
them the cool thing and then from there you
push them to the next page in your value ladder. What's the next thing? Now the very first time I ever
learned about lead magnets, and I wanna show
you guys the story because I think it'll give
some of you guys ah-ha, it was back almost 15 years ago, it was a guy who's
become a friend now, his name's Evan Pagen. He owned a company called
Double Your Dating. And I remember he was one of
the very first people ever to have a landing
page like this, we call them squeeze pages, and I remember
coming to this page and I was so confused. It says, "You're
About To Learn Secrets "That Most Men Will
Never Know About Women... "Inside you're gonna
learn The Kiss Test "and how to tell if she's
ready to be kissed." and a bunch of other things. I remember looking at
this page and I was like, "This is the weirdest
thing I've ever seen." A lot of you guys, you've
seen pages like this, but 15 years ago I was confused. And I remember I was
at a marketing seminar, some guy said, "Yeah,
this page right here, "this company has $20
million a year online." And this was their
homepage on their site. I was like, "What?!" That doesn't make any sense. And he said, "Yeah, they
drain all the traffic here, "they get a list and
then they sell the person "other products and
services on the back end." And I remember I
wanted to funnel hack and go in, but I'd
just gotten married to my beautiful wife, Collette, and she would've strangled me if I signed up
for a dating list, so I called her up, I was like, "Colette, I'm doing
some marketing research, "I need to opt into this thing, "are you okay with that? "I'ma get emails but
I'm not wandering, "I'm just trying to figure
out the marketing behind it." And she was like,
"Okay, no worries." So I went and I
subscribed to find out what in the world
is The Kiss Test they're gonna tell me about. So I put my email address in, and then it took me
to this next page and there's like two
or three paragraphs that teach The Kiss Test. It wasn't like a 55 minute video or a 39 page ebook, it
was like two paragraphs. Basically said, okay
this is The Kiss Test, you walk a girl to the door, you talking to
them, you reach up and you touch the
tips of her hair. If she pulls her head back, it means she does
not wanna be kissed. Don't kiss her, run away! But if she turns
her head into you, that means she's into you and
she wants you to kiss her. And I was like, "Oh my
gosh, that's The Kiss Test." Then after that, lower
on the page it says okay, if you like that, you
should go read my book called Double Your
Dating, click here. And then people will
go buy the book. Number three, is
Build Your Sales Pages For Optimal Conversions. This is something that I
assumed everybody understood until I shared it with my team and they were all like, "What?!" If you look at when
we sell anything, there's three phases of selling. The first phase is emotion. That's why I tell a story, you're emotionally engaged and then majority of people
will buy off emotion, but some people
emotionally sell me but then they start logically
trying to justify it, right? So we start with emotion,
then we shift to logic and then we move to
urgency and scarcity. People who are fear-based, you just have to push
'em over the edge. Look at any sales
presentation that I do, you always see it. So the email sequence
I do, I always do this. The first emails are
very emotional based, the second emails
are logical based, the third emails are urgency
and scarcity and fear based. Every sales process,
every sales funnel we take people
through, we take them through the same journey,
from emotion to logic to fear. And what a lot of
people don't understand is that they do the
exact same thing on the actual landing page. If you go to any of my pages, like here's the
DotComSecrets book, or the Experts secrets book. Any of those books, the landing, this page here, the
whole top section is all focused on emotion. The hook is emotional,
the video is emotional, everything here is emotion. That's my best selling
technique is, emotion. So the top third of my page
is all focused on emotion, and for the majority,
if you put a heat map on this and you watch it, 90% of people see that
and they go and they buy. All the emotional
buyers are like, "I'm in, let's go
do this thing!" Okay, but then you
have the next group, the logical people. They're emotional,
like I want this, but does it really make
sense, is it okay for me and they start logically
trying to justify everything. So what happens is those
people need more information and start scrolling. So then they start
scrolling the page and they go down a
little bit further and now we start having this
this where we logically, the second section is logically giving all the logical
arguments, okay? You're gonna learn this,
you're gonna learn this, you're gonna learn this. Logically understand that you're gonna need this
to grow your company. We speak to the
logic of somebody in the second section. So my scrollers are
my logical buyers, so if you watch your heat maps, you'll notice in this section people are scrolling, a
bunch of people start buying. These are your logical
buyers who are like, "Okay, that was the thing
I needed right there "to get me to go and buy." Then you scroll even further, then I move to the last thing
which is urgency and scarcity. Some people just have to
be pushed over the edge, like, they need that
last little push. The last bottom of the page is all focused on
urgency and scarcity. This is why you need to buy it and why you need to
buy it right now. So whatever your urgency
and scarcity limits are. Some people it's like you only
have X amount of products, some people it's the timeline, I don't care what it
is, you gotta figure out a true real urgency and scarcity to push people over. And that is how we
structure sales page. Emotion, logic and fear. All right, number four. Offer and Order Form
Bump to Increase Sales. This is one of the things
that seems so simple now, but literally 10 years ago when we kind of discovered this, changed all of our
businesses forever. The order form bump, I
want to to visualize. Imagine you're at the
grocery store, right? And you gotta go buy some stuff. So you're at the grocery store and you're buying hotdogs
and ketchup and buns and chips and you're getting
all that stuff for the big game coming up, and then
you're checking out at the checkout stand. As you walk to the
checkout stand, you look and you're like, "Oh, National Choir, the
World's Largest Baby, "that's hilarious." And you grab it and
you throw everything and you're like, "Oh, Tic-tacs!" "My breath stinks, but the
orange ones taste really good." So you grab some
Tic-tacs and some gum and a Snickers bar, and
the things you're grabbing as you're checking out. That is your order form bump. So somebody comes on the pages and they go and buy something, they're buying some
stuff and for years we would just sell
them the product, then we have our up
sales and down sales, but somewhere along the line... I saw a page that
somebody had it, it was a bigger company and they had this thing, and what happened
was right after somebody puts in their credit
card, this is essential, after they put in
their credit card, but before they click
the submit button, they get this little
block right here that I start calling
an order form bump. The key is after somebody
puts in their credit card, before they put in the thing, you have an offer that's
really quick there for $17, $27, $37
and impulse buy. If it's something that
needs to be explained over 10 paragraphs, it's
not the right thing. If you're selling a book like, "Hey, do you want
the audiobook?" or if you're selling
a training course, "Hey, do you want
the templates?" It's gotta be impulse buy
that you add right there, and in most of our funnels, the profit that comes from
this covers our ad spend. It covers the Google
ads, the Facebook ads, whatever that thing might be, and so it's one of
the most powerful little ninja stealth things
you could add to any funnel that literally will
cover all your ad costs. Now everything else
you sell in the funnel becomes pure profit. It all comes down to this
one little block right here, the order form bump that happens between the credit card number and before the submit
button, right there and it is magic. Number five, as we're
creating up sales this is one of the
biggest problems people make when
they have up sales. Somebody buys your product and you have the up
sale page, right? The biggest mistake
most people make is the up sale page
happens and they say, "Thank you for your order, "we've received your order" and they close the loop. As soon as you do that, your conversions on
whatever happens afterwards will dramatically decrease, and this is based on thousands
and thousands of tests. The goal on the up sale page is you have to keep
the buying loop open, so if you notice any
of my up sale pages, never say, "Thank you
so much for your order." It always stops and says like, "Wait, your order's
not yet complete! "Don't shut this page down!" I have to keep the
buying loop open. Like, "It's not done yet! "we need to customize
your order!" "Do you wanna add some other
cool things to your order "before we close
this thing down?" I do not close the
loop, I keep it open during the up sale process. I've had people
before who come to us for consulting and
they have this up sale and the only thing
we change is from "Thank you for your order." It's like, "Wait, your
order's not yet complete!" And it increases
conversions dramatically. Number six, after someone
goes to your funnel and land on your Thank You page, you can create what
we call an offer wall. And an offer wall is
how you can push people into your other value ladders, so for example this right here, this is the Thank You page
for buying one of our products and down below it
says, "Oh by the way, "here's other cool stuff. "You could join our
funnel university, "you can get the
DotComSecrets book, "you can get the
108 Split Test book, "and all this is free
traffic that comes to you." So after someone's gone
through your sales funnel and they land on
your Thank You page, don't think that
they're done buying. What typically happens
is for a lot of people, especially the hyperactive
buyers like, "This was awesome!" and they start looking
for more stuff to buy. And they buy from
your competitors and
other competitors. You lost them. So why not just allow them to continue with
you in the process. That's number six and
I've got one more. You guys ready for the last one? What we do is we add a
webinar to the Thank You page to increase sales. So if you look at a
bunch of our funnels, the very last page is like, "Thank you so much for
ordering the product, "now I wanna start your
training right now. "The product's being
shipped to you in the mail, "you're gonna get it, we're
gonna start right now, "we'll get into business." And we start teaching right away and this Thank You
page is the webinar. Now, a percentage
of people who buy one of our free
plus shipping books start buying out $2000 product
we sell at the back as well and that is what a Thank
You page webinar is. All right, I hope you loved
those seven different secrets. If you like those, please
let me know in the comments down below and I will
give you some more. In fact, if you want 99
other marketing secrets that will change your business and they might change your life, I've got free PDF,
all you've gotta do is go to
marketingsecrets.com/blackbook so you can get that PDF
and that'll give you even more marketing secrets
you can go and implement into your funnels. With that said, thank you
again so much for listening and I cannot wait to show
you guys the next video. If you're not subscribed
yet, go subscribe because next video is
coming up right now.