JEREMY HAYNES - COMPLETE TRANSCRIPT LIBRARY
Total videos: 37
============================================================


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: 11 Years Of Brutally Honest Marketing Lessons In 23 Mins
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQx4d8Cev_E
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

Here's 11 years of brutally honest feedback from what i've seen over my career that has absolutely [ __ ] people and things that have also really helped on the path to million-dollar months. There are many things that help and there are many things that can harm you and you got to be cognizant of all those. If you're new to the channel, welcome in. That's all we talk about around here, hitting million-dollar months. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back.

Either way, there's no earning potential, no income claims. We don't know who the [ __ ] you are. We have no idea if you have any potential to go out there and hit million-dollar months. All we know are the lessons from people who have been there, done that that we're handing down to people like you here on youtube. But again, there's no earnings potential.

There's no income claims. All we're doing is just handing down lessons in these little byite-sized clips on youtube. So, welcome in. Pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's dive into it.

So, first things first, and this is really important you understand this, okay, you have to know when to adjust your risk profile. Okay, adjusting up is one of the most important things that actually helps make a lot more money. When to adjust the risk profile can be determined by when you are able to successfully pull the money that you initially risked out and put it back into your pocket and start playing with house money from that point forward. Let's use the example that i have $50,000 in ad spend that i want to put into facebook, mr. Zuckerberg's pockets over the following 30 days.

Whether it be a webinar test, call funnel, whatever it is. I give zuck $50,000 and it's $50,000 of my money. $50,000 that i risk that i pull out of my bank account and throw towards zuckerberg's bank account instead. Okay, that is technically the highest risk scenario that we're in because it's our money that we're risking. Okay, once we actually get to the point where the webinar goes well or the call funnel goes well and we simply generate a return on that cash, the most important thing that we need to acknowledge is that with the money that we technically profit it, okay, that is the money that we can more aggressively gamble with moving forward as we should.

I'll give you a very simple analogy as an example. If i invested into technically it's still an alternative asset, but i mean, hey, most of us have money in it. If i invested into something like bitcoin, okay, that's arguably i don't necessarily know if it's safe or if it's smart for me to say that it's safe, but it's like the biggest one of all the cryptocurrencies that exist. That's technically the safest because that's where the most money flows. If i got a return, okay, let's say that i invested $10,000 into bitcoin.

I returned $50,000. I sold $10,000 of it and i was able to put that back into my pocket after capital gains taxes. Now i've got $40,000 that i have free and clear. That would be a great time to go take that 40k and invest into butt fuckcoin or whatever else is out there. That's obviously going to be much much higher risk.

The reason i would do that in that example is because i'm technically playing with house money. When you walk into the casino and you bet $5,000 of your own money and you officially get it back on one of those blackjack hands and you put it back in your pocket, you're still left with 10 grand. You aggressively gamble what's left in an attempt to turn it into far more money. The best part about business and the best part about advertising and having a true atm profit center of a funnel or ideally set of funnels that are consistently turning your dollars into more dollars is that you have the ability to be in control of it. Increase the probability of outcomes and returns being in your favor comparatively to crypto or literal gambling at casinos in the two examples i provided to you.

This is one of the best times and technically the most safe times to reinvest and take more aggressive actions. Okay, that's the part that most people really miss that either helps them a lot if they do do it successfully or that really holds back the revenue potential. It's just disassociating from the idea that the profit that you initially generate is something that you should go and do something else with. Okay, it shouldn't have another purpose initially. It should be i need to take greater risks.

So, as a great example of that, let's use the example that you're phenomenal with call funnels, okay? and you consistently do extremely well there and you're kicking out tens of thousands or maybe even hundreds of thousands of dollars in profit per month out of your call funnels, right? you don't have to risk literally all of it, but siphoning off a good chunk of that and throwing it towards webinars, throwing it towards a challenge funnel, throwing it towards low ticket to high ticket, or [ __ ] even just reinvesting it into generating far more calls and maxing out your closing team's calendar availability, hiring more closers, and then doing it again. There are far greater ways to make far more money in far shorter durations of time by simply adjusting your risk profile. It is a mandatory characteristic and i've seen it play out so well when people do it and i've also seen it just detrimentally [ __ ] people and hold back their potential when they don't.

One of the other things that's along the lines of that type of thinking but a different lesson in itself is you have to avoid split testing your way to poverty. Okay, i get so many people like there was a guy in the inner circle joins in still with us today. He i can't remember a couple months back starts telling me he's at like a 40% margin. He has comparison bias and he's comparing his business to 80% margin businesses and he's like, >> i don't really want to scale until i hit an 80% margin. >> and it was i was like, what the [ __ ] are you talking about?

like you're netting 40%. That's above average for any traditional business that exists. And >> he's like, yeah, you know, but i'm not really a traditional business, you know? it's like i i compare myself to like xyz. >> comparison bias can [ __ ] you so hard.

Is a damaging thought to have to participate in comparison bias and prevent scale solely because you want to split test your way to an 80% profit margin and not spend more money to make more money while you're still at profiting 40%. I can't stress that enough. It's like the other ways that this specific lesson of split testing your way into poverty presents itself is you're in the process of making turning dollars into more dollars. You're profiting. Okay?

and i've seen people with phenomenal rorowaz like i've seen this happen to guys without exaggeration that are like 17 to1 rorowaz. Okay? and they do this thing where they're like, "oh, well, i started to scale and my rorowaz went from 17 to1 to 14:1, so i'm going to stop scaling. I'm actually going to pull back a little bit and instead what i'm going to do is i'm just going to split test my way back to a 17 rorowaz so i can scale and hold back." and it's like, dude, that's just not how it works. Okay, most people, they never do math.

A core lesson is you obviously have to do math. You just simply put when i say you have to do math, this is really just financially modeling out whatever funnels that you've got. Okay, financially modeling funnels, your ads, your sales process, that reveals to you how truly dumb it is in that specific example to be at a 17 to1 rorowaz, drop to a 14 to1 rorowz, and just stop spending more money. If you did basic math, you'd reveal that if you spent a fuckload more money, you'd still make a fuckload more money. Likely in that scenario, even if you were at a 10 to one, you'd still make a fuckload more money net if you actually were able to spend and get off a lot more cash.

Okay, one of the other big things like brutally honest marketing feedback i've seen that can really help or really hurt somebody, believe it or not, an alternative lesson you might not be thinking with credit line. Okay, whether it's facebook invoicing, whether it's literal credit cards, okay, whether it's just having access to more capital in real time when necessary. I have seen businesses where i i'll give you a perfect example. This literally just happened last month. We have a client who had a million-doll facebook invoicing credit line, okay?

they spend about $500 to $600,000 a month. When you have facebook invoicing, it operates on a net30. Okay, so they opted to accumulate about $995,000 of debt. Okay, i woke up one day, the ads manager just showed that $0 was being spent. I was like, hm, what's going on?

maybe there's a payment method verification issue. Something's clearly happening. What could it be? i naturally navigate my way to the billing and payment section of the ads manager, and bang, i'm faced with a $995,000 bill, and it was on a saturday. Okay.

The only way you can pay that is via wire. Wires won't process and pay until monday. In addition to that, they generally take, and they claim this themselves, about 2 to 3 days for it to actually post to your invoicing amount. Something as simple as not paying attention to how much total amount owed going towards facebook invoicing. The cash was available.

There was no issue with being able to pay it to be clear. But due to the fact that they didn't pay it because it operated on a net 30 and nobody thought about it, now there was no ad spend going out for upwards of five full days. Well, five full days when you're spending5 to $600,000 a month. Do the math. It's a lot of [ __ ] money.

It's tens of thousands of dollars in ad spend that's lost and it's literally in that example due to their rorowaz hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue loss. The sales people morale goes to near zero cuz they wake up going into monday, tuesday, wednesday with literally zero [ __ ] calls in their calendar. Only followup. Okay. Having access to credit lines.

Like sometimes you'll get a financial audit from amx and unless you have like chase backup cards, city cards, like literally just whatever credit line cards that you can make available to yourself. If you get financially audited by amx and you're currently with the no preset spending limits and you get audited and they say, "oh, now you got a hard credit limit on every single one of your cars that you have access to, you're [ __ ] cooked. You're either going to have to cycle cash from your account to pay down those amxs in a much shorter sales cycle or in a much shorter cash velocity cycle which could really harm your cash flow and your scale potential as a as a result of not having other credit available. Okay, so again make sure that you have credit lines, okay, and a lot of them at that credit lines give you the freedom to be able to scale and expand, especially when you have favorable terms with the people that you have credit lines with. Okay.

Time and time again, one of the other things that i see, and you've heard me say this if you've been a repeat viewer of my channel, i try to say it quite often because it's a very central belief of mine that has benefited me tremendously over the years as a marketer. Okay? i do not want to be right. Okay? i just want to make money.

That's it. Okay? i just want to get the results. That's all that i'm here to do. I have opinions.

Okay? i have beliefs. I have things that i'll project onto what i'm doing that i believe are going to make things more probable to work. But when they're not working, i will detach from them and do literally anything else that makes it more probable for me to get a result and an outcome. Okay?

i will not stay attached to things that are inhibiting my potential and my expansion. Okay? i will change what i'm thinking in real time. Beliefs cause wars. Okay?

beliefs are what lead to all conflict. And you can have conflicting beliefs that can drive yourself into a terrible position when you stay attached to specific beliefs. Okay, along that same line of thinking, over the last 11 years, i know this one's more of like a monk lesson, but it is so true when it comes to marketing. You must practice the art of detachment. Okay, when you become attached, and there's all kinds of things.

It's like i've seen people that have a very profitable, let's say, webinar funnel and they've automated it and it's just worked year in and year out and then all of a sudden there's just many months in a row where it's no longer working. Every cro thing that they've done under the sun isn't having any positive effect on it. Just [ __ ] dies. And instead of rotating away from it, doing something else, becoming profitable elsewhere, they stay attached. And that attachment pulls a lot of that profit that they've been able to accumulate right back into zuckerberg's pocket.

The art of detachment comes in many ways, shapes, and forms in advertising. It also comes with ad creatives. As an example, i've seen people that have killer ad creatives. So much so that they will never run an ad without that specific creative. And i come in and i'll teach them something about ad fatigue where i'll say things like, "look, i think that a great idea for you would be to have completely different creatives than what you've historically had.

Go out and film videos like this. Go out and make image ads like this. And when you relaunch your campaign, pull out every historical creative that ran and just launch it with these completely new ones. Let's see what happens. And the people who do that, who practice the art of detachment, they typically see phenomenal results from overcoming ad fatigue in that specific way.

It's also what meta andromeda, the new step one of the creative recommendation process in their algorithm that we have an entire video on dedicated here on this youtube channel. That alone requires you to have creative diversification. If you choose not to have a lot of creative well- diversified creative assets, you just have to increase the quantity exponentially of whatever creatives you currently have. They cite an example of 50 creatives a week as an example. 200 creatives a month.

Here's my point. In either scenario, whether it be the ad fatigue protocol, whether it be dealing with the best practices of meta andromeda, if you practice the art of attachment and you just stay latched on to these specific creatives that you are currently running that are inefficiently spending your dollars and driving up your cost per result and artificially lowering your rorowaz, you're self-inflicting financial loss. It doesn't make any sense. Okay. What you must do when i say you have to practice the art of detachment, it's like you have to let go of the opinions.

Okay? try what you think is probable to work. Sure, i'm all for that. I do it all the [ __ ] time. But when something that i'm attempting to do doesn't work, i detach from it.

When i am running something for a long duration of time and it is causing my spend to be inefficient, i detach from it. When i have a funnel that is losing money for a sustained duration of time with so many different tests and best practices being applied to it and it's still not working, i'm not going to continue losing money. I'm going to detach from it. When i have somebody that was a core part of our business for a long time that all of a sudden is a [ __ ] and no longer going to help the business drive more revenue and move forward, i'm going to detach from them. Okay.

The art of detachment is what enables you to progress at a faster rate. And along that same line of thinking, we'll go into the next one here. The speed in which you solve problems directly dictates success. Okay? it dictates the speed of success.

Critical missionritical lesson. So many i i look at it like this, okay, i'll give you a direct example with this literal facility that i'm sitting in right now. We acquired this about 3 weeks ago. We got it for our jeremy's inner circle mastermind venue and we also use it as an office for the other 361 days of the year. It's incredible.

Got a big 220in screen. I installed a baller sound system. I redid the floors. Had to buy 150 chairs. I put up these random wall graphics that you may be able to see.

I got a ping pong table, a pool table. I got four branded arcade machines. I got so much furniture for this place, coffee machines. Had to get some permitting issues resolved with the city for some violations as it related to my bathrooms. I had to get the roof redone.

I had to paint [ __ ] i had to paint a we're in windwood here in good old miami, florida, and everything's graffitied and has a bunch of awesome murals. I had to hire a mural guy. I had to repaint the doors. I had to clean up the lot that we have. I'm likely going to have to refence the lot, run power to the gate of the lot.

I'm going to have to redo the [ __ ] finish of the lot. I had to pay for a dumpster. I had to do like so many little little [ __ ] things. Okay? so many things.

And now here's the situation. Every single one of those problems was there for me to face either way. It was inevitable for me to come across every single one of these problems, right? and it's a self-determining approach to say what pace i want to deal with those problems. They're all there no matter what.

Okay? i do not want to deal with them over a broader duration of time. I'd rather stack them all up and deal with them in an extremely short duration of time. Every contractor who was coming in here for repeat work or just their ongoing work that they needed to do. Even my neighbors in these fellow businesses alongside of me were like, "what the [ __ ] is going on over?

you guys are going crazy. You guys are there's a rapid like you're just speeding through this [ __ ] wow. >> and i'm over here thinking to myself, i could go faster. I could get more things done. I'm pissed that xyz of a contractor couldn't come on a specific day that i had a bunch of other people over here doing [ __ ] now, here's the point i'm attempting to make.

It's a choice to move at a faster pace. It's a choice to deal with all of the problems in a shorter duration of time and just blitz through them and solve every one of them so i could get to the other side where it's usable for things like this, where it's usable for workshops i want to have here, where it's usable for my staff and myself to use as a [ __ ] office facility, where it's usable for our jeremy's inner circle masterminds that we do every quarter that there's links for down in the description. I can't stress enough in marketing, one of the silliest things is thinking that by choosing to deal with a specific problem at a very slow pace that you're just not going to have the other problems to deal with that follow up right afterwards. The problems are all there. They're inevitable.

Once you solve one, the next one immediately presents itself. The next quest is available to start. Okay? why not quest stack? why not just blitz through a bunch of [ __ ] at once?

it is what dictates success, speed, and potential. It's why there's kids that are like 20 years old that you're sitting here watching run [ __ ] circles around you. They solve the bigger problems that you're just choosing to go slow and [ __ ] lolly gag with. Okay? the people who have made so much more than you that continue to [ __ ] sweep you, they've just overcome the things and become aware of the things and problem solved the things that are just currently holding you back that you're tolerating.

You got to shorten your tolerance fuse. Okay, emotion is a tool. When you have whatever it is that you're currently facing and you become intolerable of it, being fed up is an emotion in itself. It's this feeling of like, i'm better than this. I should be beyond this.

This little [ __ ] thing shouldn't be holding me back. I deserve more. >> and that that like almost like disgust, right? that feeling that you can generate and just hold in your chest that drives the action cycle. Okay.

The inspiration, the good, the positive emotions, the desire for more and for better conditions that can be leveraged and held in your chest and used to create more momentum, more energy, more movement, faster cycle speeds. You understand? that's what's critical, okay? is cycle stacking and rapidly moving through those cycles, okay? it dictates a lot.

I will also close out with this and and maybe one or two more, okay? you don't know what you don't know. There was during the crazy 9/11 attacks here in america a cia director at the time who gets up in front of a bunch of journalists and the journalist they asked a point blank question. They were like, >> "how in the [ __ ] world did we not know that this was going to happen?" >> and the cia director, he answered with this. He said, "in life, there's there's three things.

There's known knowns. There's the things that we know that we know. There's known unknowns, the things that we know that we don't know. And then there's unknown unknowns. The things that we literally don't even know that we don't know.

And then he goes on to say this was essentially an unknown unknown. Okay. In scaling up a business, okay, treating yourself like a computer, updating your software, trying to consume more data, okay, and the right data at that unlocks new ways to think, okay, you don't know what you don't know. And it's that simple. Okay?

don't over complicate it further than that. When you know more stuff, you have a higher probability to think with more solutions, better solutions. You have the ability to go into a group of people and get a perspective. Okay? try to get a set of views that either validates what you're thinking is accurate, true, and a great decision or give you some additional information and insights that you're just not thinking with currently.

This is a very important distinction. I've seen over the years from all the people that we've worked with that have cracked these million-dollar months and beyond. These people, they relentlessly pursue new data in all shapes, forms, and sizes. Nowadays, a lot of it is through llms and ai tools. There's a lot of it that's still consumed in traditional mechanisms like books like you right here right now on youtube watching things like this, okay?

courses, masterminds, mentors, no matter what it is, even just conversations with great people, industry events, whatever it is, the pursuit of additional information loads you up with new ways to think and it gives you new creative options. The other big hack for this, and this is really important to understand, this is one thing that i've seen as a great pro tip over the years. Other people have accumulated data for very specific things and compounded it to a point where you likely will never catch up to all of the specific things that they've chosen to learn. Okay? and no matter what you specifically spend in terms of time, you likely just won't catch up to certain people that you can just bring into your business to provide insights and perspectives.

And so one hack that a lot of the bigger people use is they will hire people who are experts who have spent that time who have accumulated that experience doing things that they want to do themselves. And they'll hire these people for the perspective that they can provide. Even if the perspective does something as simple as validating what they're currently doing or what they currently know. A lot of the times though it's not just that. By by far it's not just that.

Most of the time it's all of the things that you don't know. The other person can look, analyze quickly, deploy information that makes very rapid results in a great direction and a solid set of momentum possible for you. That's why you constantly see me here. If you're new to this channel, this would be your first time hearing this. Of course, if you're a repeat viewer, you're going to hear it again.

You constantly hear me talk about how great this channel can be for your growth and for your momentum and for your success potential. You'll also constantly hear me talk about the courses, the information, the education company offers, the marketing agency offers that we have in the links down in the description. Like jeremy's inner circle, i do one-on-one calls. I do weekly group calls. I do quarterly in-person masterminds.

And you could see how serious i take this. This isn't like some [ __ ] [ __ ] sitting here selling you a side piece course income. I have an education company, okay? and i take it serious. I invest into my people.

I love my group, okay? of a very active community of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. We have an extensive course library that we consistently update. We have jeremy ai that gives you real-time access to every single thing i've documented and trained on for you to be able to chat back and forth with in real time. We have custom ai develop softwares and tools for all kinds of individual use cases that we provide to those members.

We have an extensive ongoing updated sop library that you can feed into llms to make things faster for you and obviously read through them yourself and give them to your staff. Also have my programs like my master internet marketing offer. It's a 7week live class that we teach live once a year. You buy it any other time, you get access to the previous cohorts recording immediately. It's always up-to-date information.

That's why we do it every year. When something changes and there's a significant enough amount of things that change, we redo literally the entire client. Okay? it's extensive. You can preview the first week of that 7-week class down in the description.

There should be a link for that if you want to check it out as well. The point i'm trying to make is is the people who have made the most that we've worked with over the years, they don't just necessarily want us to do it. They want to learn how to do it, too. They want to learn what we're doing. They want the awareness as well because it unlocks new ways for them to creatively think and it helps drive the results of the business to a much greater place.

Okay, can't stress this enough. There's a tremendous amount more that i could sit here and go on and on and on about, but i don't want to sit here and consume all of your time. These are very high impact lessons that i've sat here and provided to you, but again, there's so much more, but i'll leave those for the paid programs that we have. Go check out some of my other youtube videos on this channel. They're all very welloriented towards you making a lot more, becoming more aware.

They're all very specific things that you must know on your journey on trying to crack million-dollar months or add that next million a month to what you're already doing. So, go get richer and go consume some of those other videos. And when you're ready, check out those links down in the description. Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Answering Your BIGGEST Questions About Meta Andromeda
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBO8-F8hdPA
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

Your top questions about meta andromeda answered. I've got a whole list of questions here that you guys have asked on recent youtube comments that i'm going to sit here and answer for you in today's video. For all those who don't know, my name is jeremy haynes and all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. And meta andromeda can really hold you back or it can really help you if you actually figure it out and know what you're doing with it. So, this video should be quite helpful to you in your journey.

Of course, there are no income claims. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. And there's a really high probability that you'll never hit those numbers. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, there's a 0.1% probability of ever hitting $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability than that that you'd ever crack 12 million a year, aka million-dollar months, whether it's your first million or your next millie. All we're doing around here is just handing down lessons from people who have been there, done that.

But again, no earnings claims. We have no idea if you can flip money into more money at all. And at the end of the day, look at you here watching a video about what andromeda is, how it works, and how you can have it stop [ __ ] you so you can get better results with your facebook ads. Long story short, ladies and gentlemen, whether it's your first video or you're already a subscriber, it's a pleasure to have you here with us. Let's dive into this whole thing.

So, for those who aren't privy to this yet, first of all, wow. Wow, you're behind. July, we started seeing about half our accounts get hit by this. They technically announced this [ __ ] in november of 2024. They then came out with a meta engineering article.

Oh, you don't know what that is either? i mean, jesus, how untapped are you? my god. Anyway, meta has two things. They have the facebook newsroom, what they call the meta newsroom now, which is more like the general populace version of like how to get news from them.

Uh, and then you have what they call the meta engineering newsroom, which is where the internal devs typically write up more elaborate, expansive, in-depth versions of the same information. They came out with those in november of 2024 and december 2024. April of 2025, the meta newsroom announced that, hey, here's another article on andromeda and how it works. Generally, as a best practice, just for clarity, when meta newsroom like first announces something, you you probably have a couple months. Could be like a month, could be like 6 months, who knows?

but you got a couple months to kind of prepare for whatever they talk about. When meta engineering announces it, same kind of logic. And then usually when that second newsroom article hits, you bet your ass that it's already been tested across some different accounts. So anyway, back to my point. You're behind if you don't know what the [ __ ] this is, but i'll explain it regardless.

Meta andromeda is essentially the first step of the retrieval and ranking algorithm that they have as it relates to ad distribution. So andromeda's job is to sift through every single possible [ __ ] ad that's available for it to serve to a specific audience type at a given time and pick thousands out of those who [ __ ] knows how many ad combinations are available to it in a given moment and then hand off those ads that it's selected. Usually it's a few thousand. I'd imagine at the lowest sometimes probably a couple hundred. Hands it off to what they call metal lattis.

Oh, you don't know what metallattis is either? wow. And you spend money on that platform, huh? okay. Anyway, long story short, metalus was announced in 2023.

There's a two-step process to facebook's algo, right? again, you have the retrieval, and then you have the ranking part of the process. To keep it super simple, just so you can understand it in the easiest way possible, andromeda sifts through all the ads, hands them off to metal lattis. And then metal lattice is responsible for taking whoever you're trying to target, whatever you're optimizing for, past data that's already attributed to your campaigns and saying, you know, this specific ad that andromeda gave me out of all the ads it gave me would be best for this type of person. I bet with a high probability, a high degree of certainty that that person would convert with it.

So that's all it really is. Andromeda specifically is the part where it sifts through all the different ads and it tries to determine what to hand off to lattis. Lattis is responsible for determining which out of all those ads it was given. It's going to distribute to who. Okay.

So anyway, back to my point with andromeda. The reason this was such a big deal is it changed dramat this an integral part. This is like the entire thing. It's one it's 50% of the equation of how their algo distribution works. So anyway, moral of the story, andromeda being updated, the reason that they did it, just for clarity, in this generative ai world, there is a fuckload more creatives than ever before.

So they had to build a more elaborate powerful system to be able to truly and actually sift through all of the creatives that it was being given and also to anticipate kind of like the future amount and the higher volume that they're likely projecting are going to come. So long story short, here's what andromeda technically does in a nutshell and practicality. Okay, now that you understand how it's designed and like the way it technically works, they take the tiniest little hooks, the things that you say, and they just try to pair it up with people. That's it. So when it sifts through all the different ads that are available to it, it's just trying to create a bunch of little compartments of what types of ads lattis could then use to help pair it to specific types of people to help you as the advertiser and to help the customer who's sitting there scrolling pair together.

You can make money. Customer can buy some [ __ ] that they need. And then meta obviously makes some money having that middleman of being the distribution. My point is with andromeda, what we've seen, which is very interesting compared to any other time in history with how the algo has been, it's taking not just big majority hooks and distributing them out to people after it hands it off to lattis, it's taking little tiny minority hooks. Okay?

what andromeda technically requires you to do, this is what meta put out in their newsroom article, and we have a whole video dedicated just to this on the channel, by the way, if you want something that's truly more expansive and elaborate on how this all works. Long story short, it technically asks of you three specific things. It asks of you to give it diversified messaging, diversified themes, and diversified visuals. And in that original youtube video that i came out with here on my channel, i talked about the fact that we tested that it didn't really need themes and visuals. It seemed to have just need a difference in messaging.

Now, if you want to go above and beyond and you want to do a different in like theme, a difference in environment, a difference in, you know, the visual side of things in addition to the difference in in messaging, feel free. Most of our clients are just busy rich people and they prefer to do things in a more efficient way. And so one of the first things we tested was do any of those other things actually matter or is it truly just messaging? and we feel like and we still feel confidence in this uh that it technically just wants a diversification in the messaging itself. Okay.

So now that you're caught up to about how it works, some of the most common questions that i've got as it relates to this. Here's the first one. Campaign structure and setup preferences. So yeah, i have a preferred campaign structure that we like to use. Let me walk you through it.

So the first thing that we like to do is we have two campaigns. We typically have a cold campaign and we have a warm campaign. What we'll do is we'll have three total adets within that cold campaign. Specifically, we'll have broad. And by the way, just for technicality, broad generally means just a restriction of age and a restriction of like a geographic area.

Other than that, we let it rip. Then we have what's called an interest stack, which as it kind of sounds, we just take a fuckload of different interests, demographic traits, behavior traits, whatever is available to us really, and we throw them all inside of one big old ad set. Okay, same thing. We'll do the geographic restriction and we'll do the age restriction if necessary as well. And then we do a lookalike stack.

The lookalike stack would obviously presume that you are not in a special ad category where obviously that'd be restricted for you to use. If that was the case, then we would just do the two ad sets of the broad and the interest stack. Now, also i just want to point out in terms of efficiency, when i originally create this campaign, i will create the cold campaign. I will create one of those ad sets and then i'll go and create all the ads within that ad set. That way, i don't have to recreate the [ __ ] ads so many times over, especially with how many ads we technically need nowadays.

Once i get all those ads built out that we'll talk about here next, i then go back to the ad set level. I duplicate that broad ad set out twice, create my interest stack, create my lookalike stack, and i'll publish it from there just for efficiency. So anyway, long story short, the broad ad set, the interest stack ads set, and the lookalike ad set, they'll all have the same amount of ads. Usually, we will launch with 25 to 30 unique ads. And again, they will all be the same.

Those 25 to 30 unique ads are going to all be, when i say unique, they have completely unique ads inside of them. Videos, images, etc. That have a difference in the message that they say. Gone are the days where you just do the things that are efficient for you. Like, >> oh, i'm just going to change the first 3 seconds of the hook and keep the same body on every single ad.

>> that doesn't [ __ ] work right now from what we're seeing nearly as well as literally just having like 25 to 30 completely different reasons that somebody should buy or do whatever action you're trying to inspire them to do in the ads. Also, just for technical purposes, i'll also articulate this. Um, even though we're using individual ads, we still get the function to use dynamic copy. And so we'll have five headlines and we'll also have five pieces of body copy. No, we do not create five unique headlines and five different pieces of body copy per ad out of these 25 to 30.

We'll use the same five headlines and the same five pieces of body copy that are written in a more generalized way um, across every single different ad. If you again, if you want to go above and beyond and you want to write individual copy for each individual ad, feel free. We don't because here's the thing and we'll talk about this more later. Generally about one to three of these ads will actually get distribution. Okay?

the other 22 to you know 28 29 that you launch they aren't going to get [ __ ] for distribution. Okay? and again we'll talk about that here more later. Okay? back to my point.

The warm ad set that's typically just what we call a warm audience stack. That warm audience stack for clarity is usually made up of like all the social interaction. Um as an example like page engagement, visited the page, you know, interacted with a button. Whatever, all that kind of [ __ ] uh, visited the profile. We'll create a big old stack of people just like that.

We'll throw it all together. Video views up to a certain threshold, websites, email, website visitors, email lists, uh, you know, exclude customers, whatever. And then we'll do the same 25 to 30 ads, the same five headlines, same five pieces of body copy, etc. Okay. Now, a few little nuanced questions that i get at this specific stage are usually things related to, >> well, what do i do when i publish it?

uh, and only one to three of the ads are actually going to distribute. All right? >> so, there's a few things to consider here. Keep this in mind, okay? when i say that like out of 25 to 30 ads, literally one to three, okay, are going to get the reach, it it will look when you actually go look at the dashboard and literally like just see the stats like a majority of them will have spent like a couple cents, you know, and then the ones at the top that get all the reach like they might have, you know, upwards of, you know, all the money like a,000, 2,000, 3,000.

Usually, it's pretty significant for the variance between the one that the ones that actually got the reach and the ones that didn't get the reach. Here's the good news. From what we've found, it's actually really good things that this occurs, and i'll explain why. First of all, the ones that don't get reach, they aren't bad, okay? don't demonize them.

There there was a period in time with advertising on facebook and meta where you would see a specific ad not getting distribution and you you could technically be like, "all right, well, that ad must have sucked." um or it got a little bit of distribution and like a bad cost per result. And again, you could conclude like, "oh, that ad sucked." when it comes to how we see andromeda working, it just quickly latches on like within the first dozens, maybe hundreds of impressions to one to three out of all the ads that you've given it. Now, a lot of people get this like nuanced set of perspectives i just want to address real quick, like where they'll say things like, "well, why do i need to launch with 25 to 30?" >> cuz that's what andromeda requires you to do to get [ __ ] awesome results nowadays. Okay? like, yeah, if i could whittle it all down to just launching with one to three ads cuz i know which one to three are going to make the biggest impact.

Like, obviously, we do that. But here's the thing, it doesn't [ __ ] work when you try to do that cuz andromeda requires you to have a high volume of well- diversified creative for it to do its job the best. That's what it requires nowadays. Like, this specific setup that i'm sitting here telling you, i just want to be extremely clear. I've tested like a [ __ ] okay?

you got to keep in mind how many students i have. I got like 5,000 plus paid students that i intimately learn from as well as they learn from me. We all share information. We spend a fuckload of money on clients behalf. We have tested against this thesis.

We continue to test against this thesis to reinforce that this is the current best structure. This is currently what's ripping for us. And although yeah, majority of those ads won't get a lot of reach or distribution doesn't [ __ ] matter. The ones that do get the reach in the distribution, they typically rip like they do really well for a long duration of time. And now here's the other and very important thing.

Ad fatigue cycles are far longer than they ever have been before. Like we're not really having to relaunch stuff at nearly as high of a frequency. There is a video that i just recently published on my channel. It was on messaging best practices. And in that video, i talked about the fact that like you may experience some problems when it comes to messaging.

Like you may exploit a very tiny pocket of people who a very particular ad that you've created is best for. And then you'll rapidly milk that little audience and then it just kind of runs dry. And then generally from there you'll get a bunch of turds or your cost will inflate rapidly. That can still happen but it's it's not like how traditional ad fatigue used to be. Traditional ad fatigue is very different than this modern ad fatigue.

And if you do exploit a larger pocket audience, it rips for a long duration of time and you you really can milk the [ __ ] out of it. And you don't really want to touch those adsets when that starts to happen. Soon as something starts to work on an adset with this level of how it's set up with andromeda, we don't [ __ ] touch it. We just start scaling it. Right?

a lot of people, they have this like old school [ __ ] way of running ads where they'll pull the winners out of an ad set and like throw them into their own new ad set, like a winner ad set. Dude, don't [ __ ] do that. Like, that's insane to do. As it relates to this, treat every ad set like, okay, you're launching it with a set of test budgets. As soon as you see those one to three ads, get the right cost and the right types of people coming through it, convert that adset to a scaling ad set.

Hit the ceiling. We have a whole set of lessons. It's actually one of my favorite lessons in the uh in the jeremy's inner circle weekly group call library for my for my paid inner circle members where i talk about this concept called foundational campaigns. Your goal with all these adets is to accumulate as many of these adets that you're scaling and that you're looking to hit like a ceiling where there's a certain amount you can spend where you continue to extract customers out of it profitably, but if you spend beyond that, it starts to make it less profitable and the funnel metrics don't make as much sense or you start to get into like the wrong types of people. There's there's these like ceilings that are very evident when you just run square into them and you have to be very mindful of what to do when you run into those specific ceilings.

But again, that's that's a totally different video. That's a totally different concept. Like i won't sit here and explain all that. But again, like it's a very critical thing for you to know. Okay.

Anyway, back to your common questions. The ones that don't get the distribution, right? like what do you do with those? so, you're going to be sitting there and you're going to be thinking, "man, i just did this like exhaustive amount of effort to take the time to film like [ __ ] 30 ads and you're telling me one to three of them are going to get all the reach." and again, you can't frame it like that's a bad thing. What you get the opportunity to do is you get the opportunity to duplicate out that ad set, pull out the one to three that got all the reach in the original adset you duplicated from.

And then what you want to do is put in a new one to three to replace the 1:3 that already got reach from the original adset you duplicated from. And publish it and let them get an equal distribution test again. And you could do that within the same campaign, you could do it within a different campaign. Preferentially, we do it within the same campaign. And what we try to do is we try to see, okay, out of all these other ads that didn't previously get distribution, are they now getting distribution?

right? and if there's a few cycles where they don't get distribution time and time again, that's where we swap them out. Usually after three times of us attempting to relaunch an ad set that had ads that didn't get distributed, we will really try to say to ourselves like, i mean, let's just try some new stuff in place of those ones. Maybe they're maybe they're not bad, maybe they are bad, we don't know. They just continue to not get distribution, right?

and so that becomes kind of the new failure metric that you want to look for is it just perpetually doesn't get distribution. Treat it as bad, but doesn't necessarily mean that that light of messaging was bad. You get what i mean? an interesting new paradigm that we're in here. So again, here's the good news, right?

like, yeah, you're going to go film a fuckload of ads like maybe once or twice, but like then you kind of get to ride the wave of those original ads that you filmed, right? one of the other things that people commonly do is when they go and see like, okay, these one to three ads got all the distribution and they're bringing me the right types of customers. A really good historical best practice would be to go film more ads that have that same kind of messaging. Right now, if you do that in the age of andromeda, you're going to just pigeon hole yourself to that specific messaging pocket. It's kind of like drilling more wells, right?

let me just give you a a visual here so you can understand this, right? let's say you and i bought a plot of land and it's got some pockets of water underneath it, right? and some of those pockets of water are real [ __ ] big and some of them are real small. So, you go up top and we, you know, we drill a well down and we start extracting water. Okay?

now, if i just consistently exploit the same messaging in all my future ads that i go film, i'm actually going to have a bad time cuz all i'm really doing is is i'm just putting more wells into the same pocket audience. I'm reducing the amount of people that are inside of that specific pocket faster. And what i'm actually doing is i'm increasing the probability that i hit a ceiling or potentially am extracting too much to where i dry out that audience. What you really want to do in this day and age of andromeda is is you want to continue exploring more messaging. Sure, like you're going to come across an occasional pocket that's very small and that you're only going to be able to spend like maybe a couple hundred a day into, maybe less, right?

but you'll be able to ride it out at that and turn it into a foundational campaign. What you really want to consistently try to find are those larger pockets, right? those larger pockets, you'll only find them through consistently varying your messaging. You understand? so, don't get attached onto one specific type of message.

Try to vary and and don't pigeon hole yourself. It's kind of like creating an echo chamber. Okay. And then just to be clear, u we get this question a lot as well when it comes to the messaging has stopped working and it relates to what i was just describing. So the question is my messaging stopped working.

What should i do? so we treat it like this. Okay, just as i just described with this analogy here where i'm like, hey, like treat it like you're, you know, sucking water out of the ground. I also compare it to oil fields where i'm like, "all right, look, oil is technically a nonrenewable resource. And so if i'm extracting oil out of the ground, nothing replenishes it." okay, there's like a finite amount of people in a given market at a given time that are probable to convert on a given set of messaging, right?

and when you look at it from that perspective and you look at it like the well analogy where you're you're drilling wells into the ground and you're exploiting these audiences, eventually they could run dry. And it's tough to tell. Like sometimes all it takes is is like you start to see some points where your messaging is not working. Just pull back the spend a little bit in that example and see if it's more like an aquafer that's fed by a spring. Try to see if it replenishes, right?

cuz if you can spend a certain amount per day, but you just can't scale it, that means that yeah, there's an amount of people there that exist, but there's also a new amount of people that enter that appeal for whatever that type of messaging appeals to. There's more people that enter into that pocket as time goes on. You just can't extract more than what exists at its rate of replenishment. You understand what i'm saying? so anyway, moral of the story, sometimes it's like an oil field where it will run dry and you'll just have to you'll have to abandon that type of messaging and get new messaging.

In other instances, you hit a certain pocket, but you can only scale to a certain point in that pocket. That's where those campaigns become foundational campaigns and you just try to maintain them instead. Very important consideration, right? you just got to continue to vary messaging. And by the way, we have plenty of videos on this channel that also would imply to you, which is a great solution to also think with that you might just need a new funnel.

You can take the same type of messaging and have a different funnel paired with it and that can also create a wild difference in results that you experience on the other side of that. So consider that too. Um, another question that i got which i actually thought was really interesting, does pixel conditioning still matter? and then what about the learning phase? so first of all, pixel conditioning and the learning phase are like handinand.

We've actually found a pretty significant uptick in how much the learning phase matters right now. It has a lot of significance on how well a campaign is going to perform. You do want to be able to get out of the learning phase. I have an incredible video here on my youtube channel dedicated to pixel conditioning and i would absolutely encourage you check that out if you haven't done so already. It's extremely in-depth and absolutely that lesson still applies.

The people that report back to that results column are going to be people that the algorithm biases towards next. So if you have a specific type of messaging that's appealing to the right types of people and those people aren't reporting back at a high rate because you have a low match score in your events manager, you aren't sending data back through the conversion api or you're sending too little data back or just you have tracking issues period, you're really going to want to fix that. You're really going to want to master pixel conditioning. Now, at this point in the video, i just want to be really clear and sick. Like, if you're ad guys that you're working with or you as an ad guy aren't already privy to this, you're behind.

Okay? these are things that people in my jeremy's inner circle group, people in my master internet marketing class, like they already know. And and guess what? they know it in way more depth than what i'm sitting here talking to you about right now. Just so you understand, i have like entire hour-ong trainings for each one of these little things that we're sitting here talking about right now that i'm condensing down to like summary versions that i'm sitting here giving you.

Unlike some of the donkeys out here that do youtube in the personal development space, i don't lie to you. I hold back a tremendous amount of information here on youtube from you. So, you are incentivized and encouraged to buy my [ __ ] there's links down in the description. Jeremy's inner circle. We do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly inerson masterminds right here at our facility in good old miami, florida.

We have an extensive course vault. Each video is meant to be that one video that makes back the money for the entire year to be a part of that thing. Unlimited access to jeremy ai. You can dm me in real time, whatever questions you got, and we have an extremely active group chat of people that'll give you perspective, too. And guess what?

they're not brokies. They're vetted in there. High revenue levels, all rich people trying to get richer. Master internet marketing, on the other hand, is an incredibly in-depth one-time cost to be a part of it for the lifetime of the program. We update it every year.

We keep it up to date. It's incredible information in there as well. Whichever one's more appropriate for you, take action on it. Stop being so complacent of being behind. If you're sitting here learning this right now, it's because there's some serious implications to your revenue for not knowing how this [ __ ] works in depth.

You're only going to learn so much here on youtube. And i'm still going to put you on game. I'll always put you on game. And i'll give you more than what most people would charge you for in their shitty programs all right here for free on youtube. But again, you've been jaded.

You've been [ __ ] by so many shitty education companies. People really just selling courses who don't actually run an education company and take it serious that you probably project that on to me. It's like having a shitty ex that you project that relationship to onto every future relationship. Not me, my friend. I won't [ __ ] you with my paid stuff.

Quite the opposite. I'm extremely good at my job. And i would encourage that you go check those out. Apply to one or the other and let me help you spend some money with me and let me help you get richer. Anyway, back to my point in some of these other little nuance questions you guys have.

The learning phase. You got to either spend enough to get out of the learning phase faster or you got to send enough data back sooner to be able to get out of the learning phase faster because it does have significant ramifications on campaigns performances nowadays. That's not to say that you can't have a wildly profitable campaign that's in learning limited. I have those all the time too and that's okay if that's the case. I'm just saying we see a [ __ ] campaign rip when it exits learning phase nowadays.

So don't take that lesson lightly. Okay. One of these next questions. This is actually the last one. Okay.

When it comes to funnels, you guys asked the question, "what do i do with my funnel since one to three of the ads will distribute that assumptively have very specific messaging? do i need to update my funnel, too?" [ __ ] yeah, you do. So, as a great best practice, something that we love to do right now, we will look, this is a pro, this ain't even a best practice. This is a [ __ ] pro tip i'm putting you all game to right now. Okay, pro tip.

So you have an ad that has a lot of the distribution and when it clicks to the landing page that you've got, whether that be a vssl call funnel, webinar, low ticket, a high ticket, it could even be a lead form in the app itself. It could be anything. Whatever they actually clicked through to this page should ideally be contextual to the messaging of the number one ad. I can't even believe i'm telling you this [ __ ] for free right now from how much [ __ ] money this has made me and my clients. Okay, what this means is is again when you have a total of 25 to 30 ads, right?

and again only one to three actually get the reach. What this implies is that you have to understand those one to three, they have a unique set of messaging in them. They have a specific reason to go convert. If the page doesn't parrot whatever the messaging is from the ad and it's more like ambiguous, broad, or related to one of the other specific set of messaging that didn't get the distribution, you could be making a lot more [ __ ] money if you actually updated the page to parrot the messaging inside of the ad. Now, just in terms of a technicality, and again, can't even believe i'm putting you on game to this, but at the same time, i can, you know, my job here on youtube without you paying me any money is to try to make you enough money to be able to have you comfortably afford my paid stuff with house money from how much i'm able to make you here.

So, make sure you actually apply this one so we can start that process together. Here's my point. You ideally to execute this per ad set have a specific unique url. So, as an example, ad set one has url one, right? and this could be the same like domain just a forward slash is different.

That way when inside of that ad set that specific one to three ads get all the reach. You can just go in your funnel builder and easily update that one specific funnel that is paired with that one specific ad set to reflect and parrot the messaging of whatever ads are getting all the reach in that one to three ads. You get what i'm saying? so if you end up with let's say 20 [ __ ] ad sets, you'll have 20 unique url paths. That way again you have 20 unique sets of funnel messaging.

This, by the way, is not something that should be perceived as like a fuckload of work. You're not a coal miner, you know? you're not going and [ __ ] pickaxing and blowing up with dynamite [ __ ] in a mine, okay? you're clicking buttons, typing on keys, moving a [ __ ] mouse around, using your brains. Ain't tough.

This a google adwords best practice for [ __ ] ever. It's called page relevancy. You should have been doing [ __ ] like this, but you haven't had to. Thank god andromeda finally woke people like you up. You need to go hard.

Andromeda is [ __ ] awesome. You saw close out this video. I, in terms of algorithms, am a huge fan of andromeda. I love it. I think it's [ __ ] sweet.

Ad fatigue is longer than it's ever been before. Little niche micro hooks are getting a fuckload of reach. They're hitting pockets of people with pain points i didn't even think we'd ever be able to reach again. I remember back in 2017 and prior to that time frame, you could target people's credit scores, bank balances, active income, liquid net worths. Like you could you could target all kinds of crazy [ __ ] back then.

And i remember thinking when targeting got stripped, i was like, damn, like this is [ __ ] cooked. And then i remember, no, this is a trillion multi-t trillion dollar company. They've got my back. They make all their money from paid ads. Sure, they do some dumbass [ __ ] here and there, like all these stupid ai generative advantage things on the ad level right now, but hey, maybe even those will get good as time goes on, like most stuff.

I don't know about you, but advantage audiences sucked ass when it first rolled out, and that makes a fuckload of money for us and my clients nowadays. I believe in these guys. And here's one thing that i deeply believe about them. They're not going to nuke a [ __ ] trillion dollar market cap by doing dumbass [ __ ] the things that they do are in almost all instances extremely beneficial. But it takes time for advertisers to adapt.

And the ones that don't adapt, boy oh boy, do they [ __ ] loud. Okay? the ones who do adapt, we don't have to [ __ ] as a matter of fact, we're too busy with all the fulfillment that we have from how many customers we generate by milking the [ __ ] out of andromeda and all the opportunity it provides. I sure hope that's you here soon enough cuz i'll tell you point blank, there had never been a greater opportunity with andromeda and lattis in that ranking and retrieval step of the algo. It is [ __ ] sick the opportunity it provides.

I'll end it with this. Messaging controls targeting nowadays. Messaging is more important than it's ever been. If you feel like you have not figured out messaging yet, go check out all the messaging videos on my channel here. I've got some incredible ones for you.

And of course, if you want the real sauce on messaging, check out those links down in the description. Give me some money and let me help you for real. At the very least, though, subscribe to the channel. Go check out some of my other videos. Thank you so much for being here.

Go out there and get richer. Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Cold Strangers Pay in Full FAST When You Have THESE Systems
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxlHEgmslxY
CATEGORY: Sales
============================================================

One of the number one skills that you must have when you're on your way to cracking million-dollar months is the skill of generating layown deals that pay high ticket, ideally pay in full pips. In this video, we're going to be going through what you need to do, what are the best practices to dramatically increase the total quantity of layown deals that are high ticket that you're probable to generate on your way to million-dollar months. If you're new to the channel, it's all we talk about around here, hitting the big million months. We give away trophies for it too for our inner circle members when they hit it. We got a million a month trophy and a 5 million a month trophy.

We don't celebrate the in between. The five mill trophies made out of pure silver. But hey, we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability to ever hit those kinds of numbers. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, the probability to ever crack 10 million a year, it's only.1%. Let alone the even smaller probability to ever hit 12 million a year, aka million-dollar months.

So, no earnings claims, no in any way, shape, or form implied income that you're going to generate from watching a youtube video. But hey, for the right people that are sitting here watching this, you're going to get a lot of value out of it. So, thank you for being here. And of course, if you're already subscriber, welcome back. Always pleasure to have you.

Without further ado, another banger. So, i like to think it all starts with who you attract. Okay? and who you attract comes down to a few key things that you got to master. Number one is friction slash intent.

They are directly correlated one with one another. And number two is messaging. I have a whole video on my channel dedicated to this spectrum. I presented it at one of my clients. Her name's cody sanchez.

She invited me to talk at one of her masterminds where people pay $35,000 to show up and get a lot of value. And that's just what we did for him. And we recorded a part of that talk and we dropped it right here on the channel for you. That way you can check it out and see what it was like. Moral of the story is when i was there and i also did this in my week one mastery internet.

No, i did it in week two. Week two of the master internet marketing class, i taught this in much more detail, of course, than what i'll ever talk about here on youtube. But regardless, here's the nutshell of it. There's this spectrum where the higher the friction is, the higher the intent is of the leads that you're going to generate. And we've seen this in many different ways.

When we have application questions where you have to type things out rather than just multiple choice, that's friction. When you have a bunch of questions that are just multiple choice, you typically generate lower intent leads. So, moral of the story is there's all kinds of funnels specifically that have a lower intent or higher intent lead that comes through. And depending on your sales team's skill sets, you want to right away pick a funnel type that's probable to attract layown deals. And layown deals are typically generated by a large amount of content consumption prior to the actual sales conversation occurring.

Okay. So from that perspective, you've typically seen this organically would be my bet if you're sitting here watching this kind of stuff where you currently get people just like what i'm doing here on youtube. You consume a bunch of my videos. Eventually you develop this perspective where you're like, "this guy's the [ __ ] man and he's helped me make a lot of money before i've even paid him any money." and you end up saying to yourself, >> i justify fully now investing into whatever program is best for me that this guy's got links for down in the description of his videos. >> and you eventually buy.

But that's organic. I can tolerate you consuming however many videos it takes for you to consume over whatever period of time it takes for you to consume it for that to turn into literally what i'm doing right here, right now, sitting down filming these videos to eventually turn into money from you. You understand? versus from a paid advertising perspective, i can't tolerate an undefined time frame. I want a tight cash velocity cycle.

And typically, in order to generate a tight cash velocity cycle, i have to be brutally honest about the skills of my sales team. Some sales teams that we've worked with, all they need is a lead form to be filled out and a couple weeks to turn that lead into a high ticket sale. And it's not necessarily a layown deal, but that sales team can turn it into a deal regardless over a broader period of time pursuing the lead, working their interest up, having multiple sales calls, and eventually getting the deal closed. Just to be clear though, again, it's not necessarily ideal. Lay down deals are they show up to the call, they close at extremely high rates, they piff at a high rate, getting a fuckload of money off these layown deals.

And so again, you need funnels that are more probable than like a lead form or a lead magnet to generate that. Low ticket to high ticket is a great example of a funnel type that can produce layown deals depending on the effectiveness, the total activation rate of your low ticket product, how fast and what type of result people can get with the low ticket product that can definitely and obviously your sales team skill set that can produce layown deals. Webinars, obvious layown deal tactic as a funnel strategy to pick. Webinars when done properly, highly effective at generating layown deals. I'd argue that the number one way to be consistent with layown deals is webinars.

However, there's also a funnel very high friction, very high intent, and it produces only layown deals from my experience, and that's a 3-day virtual event or a challenge funnel. Those are phenomenal at just getting straight up laydowns. Show up to the phone ready to buy, cash in hand, credit card in hand, whatever it is, they're banking closed. Okay, moral of the story is, you got to pick the right funnel right off the bat. You pick the wrong funnel, you're going to have a bad time, right?

and just to be clear, you'll notice i didn't mention call funnels. Call funnels typically don't produce layown deals unless you have a really dialedin set of back-end selling systems and you do a great job on the front end. Okay, your sales people in that instance also have to be very dialed in. Call funnels, i [ __ ] love call funnels, okay? and obviously with my systems that i use, we generate layown deals from call funnels all the time.

But a lot of people, from what i've noticed, they have a higher hit rate with generating layown deals with the funnels i already name. Low ticket to high ticket, live webinars, challenge funnels, inperson events, of course, factored into that, too. Comparatively, a minority of you who don't actually use the current best practices that generate layown deals from call funnels don't get lay down deals from call funnels for that very reason. You only have your vssl. You ask dumbass questions in your application like, >> "did you watch the entire video before booking the call?

you know, will you show up? you're about to book a call. Will you actually show up to the call?" it's like you say the dumbest [ __ ] that fully reveals you have no idea what the [ __ ] you're doing in modern times to generate layown deals from call funnels. Call funnels if you're going to get laydown deals from it require you to have a dialed in vssl that a lot of people aren't going to consume. So it then requires you to have a properly built confirmation pages that follows the modern backend selling system best practices breakout videos on that page.

Testimonials that are also not only just the good ones but the ones that show how bad could the deal get. Okay, a bunch of expectation and processoriented videos that answer the right questions and a handful of other best practices. You got to have things like the hammer them strategy in place where as soon as they booked the call, you blitz them with a fuckload of content, okay? short form and long form. You got to have valued dense email sequences rather than just those reminder-based emails.

You got to do both. And it's likely at a much higher frequency of communication than you are right now. You got to have setters or your salespeople that are going to communicate to people in a personalized, likely non-automated way. That's going to increase the probability of show rates and get the education part of the sales process out of the way before the sales call. That way, the sales calls actually a sales call.

You see, that's where most of your issues lay inside of call funnels. Specifically, when you talk about generating layown deals that are high ticket, you're just turning every sales call into an education call because you have no education that happens between the booking and the actual time of the call. Bunch of videos on my channel dedicated to all of what i just talked about for back-end selling systems that you could go and consume that will dramatically increase the probability you get layown deals from that funnel, but i don't have it on my list here that i'm sitting here and communicating to you because a majority of you don't have that [ __ ] you understand? and that therefore prevents layown deals from coming from that funnel. So, if you're looking for true layown deals, you got a soft sales team.

They're essentially cashiers. They just want to collect money and they want to answer a handful of questions and bank the deal closed. Low ticket to high ticket webinars, live webinars, challenge funnels/3day virtual events or if you have the audacity, money and time to do it and willingness live inerson events always lay down deals and those are all correlated to that friction intent spectrum that i just communicated to you. The other thing that matters when you talk about the attraction of layown deals that are high ticket is messaging. Who you're actually communicating to makes a substantial difference for who's actually probable to close.

As an example, if i'm selling to people that are at a very high rate, going to have to use funding in order to convert at a pay in full, high ticket deal, cash collected upfront kind of deal, i'm going to need to communicate to people that have good credit. Okay? so therefore, from a messaging perspective, i got to dial in my ability to communicate to that demographic. Comparatively, if i want to close a bunch of rich people that are liquid and have the money to actually show up and close, again, i have to be really good at selling to rich people and communicating to them effectively to attract them into the funnel in the first place. You get what i'm saying?

messaging matters so much. And it's not just your ads. It it's very, very rarely nowadays does it have anything to do with targeting. It has much more to do with what you say inside of the creatives, what you say on that page, and then what you follow up with saying in all the backend selling systems and the sales conversation. You understand this combination of the who you attract part of it with the friction intent spectrum and messaging.

This is all where it starts. This is like the foundation to your capacity to actually get to the point where you start closing people. Okay? once you attract the right people, it's very hard to [ __ ] up the ability to generate a deal that's high ticket and a layown deal. All it really has to do is with the information that you either provide or fail to provide and the buying experience, the buying journey has to be reflected on.

So let's look at those two things. Number one, the buyer's journey. Okay? and then number two, when you look at just the let's let's just start with buying journey. We'll we'll stop there and we'll continue on after.

The buying journey can be altered at any stage of the process, right? from the advertising to the page to once they're obviously off the page and you start the process of looking at what is the experience of the individual that we put through this process. I like to buy burner phones not for selling drugs or doing illicit activity more so for secret shopping the sales teams that we work with. We want to see with burner emails with burner names and burner phone numbers how the experience is. Are we going to get a text message at all?

do we get any emails other than reminder-based emails? right? do we have any touch point that gives us a positive impression of what's going to happen by the time we get to the phone call? or is the phone call going to be more of an education call where due to the fact i didn't get any information prior to that conversation, i've now got to show up and i've got to ask all my questions and then delay the buying process as a result. How i end up being treated makes a substantial difference as to whether i'm probable to buy.

Obvious thing to say out loud. Very rarely does anybody that we work with actually have a recent audit of what that experience is like. I would encourage you if you're one of those people, get your burner accounts created and go through your own process. Okay? see what it's like to go through from a ui perspective.

See how complicated it is. See where the friction is. See the experience you have. Okay? it's like booking at a five-star hotel.

Before you even show up, usually you get a nice email from a conciierge. I just recently booked at this location here in miami beach called the fina. The fya is an amazing hotel. If you ever get the opportunity to come to miami beach and want to dish out like 2500 a night on a room, they'll give you a butler if you book the right room. And not just one, a whole [ __ ] team available to you about 18 hours a day.

They'll do anything. They'll go buy you a charger. They'll book cabanas for you at the beach. They'll get you key locations and reservations around the city at different places. They'll obviously prioritize you on the property itself.

They'll do whatever for you, but before you even get there and actually have that part of the experience, they communicate to you instantly upon the booking within like minutes. They hit you up via text, not even a phone call. Text, hey, what's going on, mr. Haynes? this is the butler conciier.

My name is soandso. I work over here at the fya. We're going to be assigned to you at your upcoming stay on this date and this time. Wanted to get the experience started for you right here, right now. Uh any specific preferences that you want to make me aware of?

okay. As an example of that, they then follow up because i didn't respond within a few hours by saying, "we plan on leaving a bottle of wine, fruit, some cheeses, and a few chocolates in the room. Are you allergic to any of these? do you drink?" i respond with saying, "thank you so much. Appreciate you.

Let me know." "no, i don't drink. Just leave a nice bottle of water, like maybe like a non-alcoholic thing there if you want. Fruits, cheese, chocolates, that's fine. My fiance actually loves chocolate. Thank you." and he [ __ ] loads up this damn room with chocolate, a non-alcoholic bottle of sparkling something i didn't drink, and a fuckload of waters.

This guy looked me up online before i even showed up to the property, and he continues communicating with me before i show up to the property. It's a little station, by the way. I live here in miami, but hey, i don't have a place at the beach, so sometimes you got to use a nice hotel over there. Anyway, this guy communicates. He goes, "hey, man.

I saw that you're a miami local, and i saw you got some really nice cars. I told the valet you're going to be parking it out front. Let me know when you guys arrive. By the way, are you going to bring the dogs? and i go, dude, i didn't even think about that.

Am i able to? he goes, yeah, man. Bring them along. How many are there? are there still three?

and i was like, dude, this guy [ __ ] looked me up and knows i have three little wiener dogs. Gives us three beds, three feeding bowls, three water bowls, right? what the [ __ ] that's awesome. That's an amazing buying experience. As soon as i'm going through the process and i know technically to be fair i paid for the hotel in that example and that's officially kind of like post-purchase journey but a lot of these things can happen with the sales team prior to the actual call.

We have one sales team we work with in particular they help people cut out alcohol and before they get on a call with anybody soon as they get a call that comes in they look the person up and they tailor the testimonials they send them based on who this person is. They get a lawyer that comes through. They have a whole category index list of testimonials that the salespeople have and like a big folder that they can easily navigate between based on profession. So that lawyer based on the fact the guy's an attorney gets sent a bunch of testimonials from other lawyers who had gone through the program. Makes a big experience change that increases the probability that person's going to be a layown deal by the time they show up because you're starting that process of giving them that fivestar hotel experience.

If a lot of your people need funding, it's like send them a video walking them through why funding makes sense in a genuine way. Like, show them the math. You're going to put these people into debt. Okay? they need a very high success rate in order to pay off the debt comfortably.

They need to be able to justify going into debt to buy the thing. Show them how to get into the debt. Show them how to justify the debt. Show them why it makes sense. Show them your testimonials, but also show them your refund and dispute rate prior to those calls.

You get what i mean? it's like hold the person's hand throughout the buying journey, and it becomes an effortless deal by the time the actual sales conversation occurs because a lot of the questions that would have otherwise been asked on the sales call are handled before the call. So, when you hear me talk about the buyer's journey and influencing that to dramatically increase the probability of a high ticket layown deal, answer the questions that would otherwise occur on the sales call before the sales call occurs. It is the easiest way, the most effortless way to get somebody to show up, be cash in hand, ready to [ __ ] give you money. Okay?

all the justifications are already made clear. All the questions, all the expectations, all the objections, everything is handled prior to the call. And if you get serious people to go through the process in the first place through having a high friction that gets a high intent lead to come through, they'll actually have a high probability to go through and consume that information. The common mistake that most people make is they think that people have a high prerogative to go through and consume everything like those answers that we just talked about prior to the actual call being booked or prior to the webinar optin. Most people on the front end, they don't give a [ __ ] about consuming all the information that you want them to consume.

They will have a high probability to consume it on the back end. But you see, you misplace it on the front end. They're in what i call scanner mode. Scanner mode is a very simple thing to understand. On the front end, right, they're in an efficient way just scanning to try to justify, is this for me, is it not for me, is this worth the effort to commit to, is it not worth the effort.

If they commit to whatever it is that you're trying to sell them to do, that's what it is. It's a commitment cycle. It's a new thing that they actively open up in their life to have to pay attention to. It's another thing on their plate. Now, to be fair, yeah, if the person's in pain, if they have a high priority on whatever it is that you sell, naturally, you get a lot of commitment anyway.

But here's the thing. Your job is to work them up that interest spectrum and make them show up at a higher level of interest on the back end. Because remember, on the front end, all they're trying to do is justify, is this for me? is this not for me? once they commit, that's where there's a much higher probability that there's willingness to consume.

Aka there's willingness to try to justify further. Is this for me? is this not for me? and they do that through consumption of information. Now, you have to be the one that provides the information because they're going to find it elsewhere anyway.

They might go back and forth with chat gbt or some other [ __ ] llm. They might google you and find some random [ __ ] about you. And again, you want to be the one that provides the information because then you get to influence and control the frame. When the information comes from elsewhere, whatever frame is established by others is what gets established and that's what you're left with. And you better hope that plays in your favor rather than against you.

And the littlest [ __ ] the littlest [ __ ] can play against you and add to the sales cycle time frame, add to the skepticism, add to the friction and their willingness to buy. Comparatively, the more information that we can get in front of these people prior to the actual conversion event, like the sales conversation occurring, the higher the probability it is that they're actually going to close in that specific window. Now, i've got a bunch of different videos on my channel that can help you with these topics, but i always want to make it really clear. I hold back a tremendous amount on youtube. I try to give you guys as much information as i can to put you guys on game, help you go out there and get results because i'm trying to bribe you.

I want you to be able to make enough money with my free stuff with the limited information that i provide to you so you can go check out those links down in the description and make it a nobrainer to join into one of my offers. As an example, you're rich, you're trying to get a fuckload richer, the inner circle is perfect for you. Check out the link in the description for that. You want to learn all things digital marketing, you're going to want to check out my master internet marketing program. Seven weeks of an extensive set of live classes that if you join in at the right time, you get to watch live.

You join in in between our live classes. You get access to the most recent classes recording, which is all up-to-date and extensive amounts of information. We also give you week one of those seven weeks totally free. You can watch a preview of that class if you'd like to do so. Again, links down in the description.

At the very least though, go check out a bunch of my other youtube videos because there's a tremendous amount of value here for you regardless. Looking forward to seeing what you do with all of this. Go out there and get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Exactly How I'd Scale A Business To $1M/Month (Step-By-Step)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQYB5zGMwyM
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

Ladies and gentlemen, in this video, we're going to be going through the $1 million a month action plan. I'm going to go through step by step what i would do, what funnels i would bias towards launching with, how we would structure it, pricing details as it relates to offers, a little bit of offer stuff peppered in there. We're going to go through some of the ad strategies that i would launch with. Can't stress it enough. This is a nice well-encompassing video to go over a $1 million a month launch plan.

If you're new to the channel, that's all we ever talk about around here is hitting million dollar a month. Of course, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, there is a.1% probability that you ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even slimmer chance that you hit the big million dollars a month. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. You're probably wondering where the [ __ ] is jeremy filming today.

This is a new facility that we acquired for our inner circle masterminds. We have a nice pool table over here as an example. Perfectly leveled, need i not say, for that exact spot that you see it, and i'm not allowed to move it anywhere. 800 lb over here. Soon enough, we'll have a nice ping pong table.

There's still many things, as you can see, they're actively being done to the facility. Okay, we have many things to do. Behind me here, we have a 220in screen, 4k led. I put a serious sound system into this place. And on top of that, what you guys can't see, it's actually an entire another half behind you that we have here for the lounging and the networking side of things that we'll do throughout the inner circle masterminds.

I also want to say there's a few things missing over here along this wall. I have four branded arcade machines with 13,000 games a piece. I mean, what's better during networking at a mastermind than beating somebody's ass and taking a little bit of money from them, hypothetically, assuming we're gambling a bit on mortal kombat or like street fighter or something like that, you know? sounds pretty cool to me. So, anyway, still here in good old miami, florida, but decided [ __ ] it.

Why not shoot a youtube video today inside of here? so, without further ado, let's dive in. Okay, number one, and this one's most important. Okay, you always want to start by doing the milliondoll a month math. If you try to launch towards a million dollars a month and you do not do basic math, you are a [ __ ] okay?

you have no idea. It becomes like a random you're just going to stumble into the goal kind of situation or never even come close to the goal situation if you don't have the clarity from doing the actual math. The math is super simple. It's super simple. You take a million dollars, okay?

and you're going to divide it by what your average aov is currently. So, whatever you actually cash collect. I'm not one of those guys that's ever going to tell you to optimize around your future revenue or your future roi that you may or may not get from payment plans that you're putting people on. I prefer to optimize around 30-day cash collected. What i've also found is everybody who i've ever worked with gives a [ __ ] to do the exact same.

We're fronting dollars and risking dollars. And within that same 30-day cycle, we want to be able to put that money back in our pocket and put some additional cash in our bank account as well. Is it awesome if we get some additional money beyond that? sure. But i'm going cash collected in real time when i say aov.

What i'm then going to get out of this is the amount of customers that i actually need to generate within that 30-day cycle to be able to crack a million gross in a month. What i'm then going to be able to do, and this really depends on what you currently got going on from here, assuming you're going to do it via paid advertising, we could back into the full math. If you're already paid advertising, we have numbers that we could plug into a financial model. If you're brand new to paid advertising and you're only doing everything organic currently, you're obviously not going to have numbers and you're going to have to go with some assumptions. So, you're more probable in that case to want to bias towards worst case scenario statistics in your financial model, but you also have to be aware of like the general range of what it's going to cost to acquire when you spend money to acquire a specific customer.

Here's the moral of the story. Once you do the math, it reveals all the other numbers that you get to back into from there. Once i get the amount of customers, i can just go backwards. So, as an example of that, just to be clear, i can back into it with my close rate. By the way, quick note on the youtube channel, one of the inner circle masterminds i've done over the years, i had a migraine in a particular week when i was here filming for youtube.

So, i didn't film. I grabbed one of the mastermind talks out of our mastermind library vault for the inner circle and i threw it here on youtube for you guys in its entirety. It is on closer math. And i was specifically grilling one of the guys who was in the room for that mastermind who was stuck around like 7 or 800k a month for a long time. And i broke down his math specifically in front of everybody and plugged it for a whole bunch of different examples for people that were in the room.

The moral of the story is that specific video goes through like every one of these numbers. But anyway, rough estimate for you guys. Let's assume that you have a close rate. And again, close rate depends on how you're going to generate the customers. Live webinars, challenge funnels, are you doing low ticket to high ticket ascension rates?

are you doing a call funnel? are you doing dm ads? obviously, that's going to dictate all the numbers that you specifically need to back into, but you got things like close rate, you got things like show rate, and of course, you have to factor in one call close or two call close. Uh, in that example, you'd have your show rate for the second call, the close rate for the second call, you'd have the second call booking rate, you'd have the first call show rate, you'd have the cost per first call, things like that. Um, assuming you have a one call close, close rate, show rate.

You obviously have your cost per call, and you'd obviously want to do your cost per qualified call in that example. And then that's going to reveal the total amount of calls that you actually need to generate. And then when you take the total amount of calls that you need to generate times the cost per call, that gives you the amount of ad spend that you're going to need to drop. And that's ultimately what we're looking for if we're going to take the paid advertising approach to acquiring all of our customers. Now, there's a lot of different examples out there through time that have done substantial launch events where they'll mix organic and they'll mix paid.

That's a great way to have a oneoff milliondoll month. But when you want to have consistency in cracking million-dollar months, you rather need to start having a channel that can consistently provide you the amount of calls, aka the amount of leads and opportunities to actually be able to have any chance to hit that amount of revenue every single month. I don't ever want to encourage you to just do it one time. I'd prefer you to build a model that can consistently tap it month over month over month. The other way, and this is also really important to understand, is through recurring offers.

Okay, so recurring offers help a lot. This this is a lot of great game i'm going to put you on for this specific way you need to think about recurring offers and why they're so important. So, let's assume you get your total ad spend number that you actually need to spend in a 30-day window to generate x amount of calls or x amount of webinar leads that are going to turn into calls or sales, etc. And you look at that number and you're a little intimidated by it. You know, you're pretty far away from it.

Let's say you're spending tens of thousands of dollars a month and you learn you need to spend like a hundred to 300k a month to generate a mill a month. Well, in that example, to be intimidated by the numbers simply means that you have a financial deficit. Okay? and in order to close that financial deficit, why not have a way where other people can fund our ad spend for us? that's how we could start to frame some of the organic sales that we might generate in a month.

The organic revenue that we produce, like we get guys that come to us all the time that are doing a couple hundred grand a month all the way up to literally a couple million dollars a month already that are purely organic revenue. And what they'll do is is they'll siphon off some of that organic profit that they're generating and they use it for their paid advertising gambling budgets that they get. And those people have the opportunity to take more risk because they already have a set amount of organic revenue that they project month over month to come in based on the fact they consistently grow. They already have it for a long period of time. So they have a rough idea of how consistent it is and like what they can expect for revenue ranges.

And again, they'll just siphon off a budget. They can risk it for 30 days, vaporize it, and then have it again there waiting for them in the next 30 days to gamble with. The alternative to that is you get other people to pay for the ad spend for you. If you already have a customer base or you already have somewhat of a following, rather than trying to sell these people a transactional service, try to consider an offer that might be like a,000 to upwards of $10,000 a month that you can have people consistently paying for for upwards of 6 months or a year plus, ideally lifetime, as long as you can consistently provide enough value and you get enough people that pay for that. Let's assume you go with the $1,000 a month model.

Okay? if you charge a measly 1k a month for something and you had about 50 people that pay you for that, assuming you have a little bit of costs on that, you might have upwards of 30 to after it obviously becomes pure profit, potentially upwards of $40ish,000 a month that you have the opportunity that other people are paying you to turn around and use for paid advertising. That's a great way to enable you to kind of inch up a little bit on the current budget range that you have. You have to reframe it so you can close that gap sooner. Of course, there's generally a lot that you have to be able to accomplish successfully when scaling to maintain the stability and consistency while you scale.

Going from $50,000 a month in spend to upwards of $300,000 a month in spend likely is going to stress test your systems along the way. And there's specific problems that you might run into that take you weeks to solve per problem. As an example, hiring closers. You have a finite team that you've worked with on the organic side of things for a long time or at a very low level on the paid advertising side for a long time. Now, you're going to have to expand that team rapidly.

You're going to have to be able to acquire closers, be able to successfully throw them onto the calendars within like a couple week duration of time from hiring to the point of getting on the calendars and filling their calendars. 2 weeks is the most ideal scenario. For most of you, it's going to be upwards of 3 to four weeks. My point is that needs to become something you become highly skilled at and more efficient at as time continues to pass because that's going to delay your ability to have the consistent million-dollar months. So anyway, moral of the story is besides making sense of the money, you obviously have to make sure that your systems, your fulfillment, your sales teams all have the capacity to handle whatever the math reveals.

And that builds what we call the scaling plan. The scaling plan reveals how much we need to spend incrementally over time. And we can back into that number as well for when we want to spend that additional cash. I can go into a basic google sheet and i can show that here's my current spend that i'm going to risk in 30 days. Here's how many calls that's probable to produce for me and how many opportunities i'm going to get and therefore here's how many people i'm probable to generate revenue from and how much revenue i'm going to get.

Then the next week i can say, "okay, i'm going to scale it this much, and then the next week this much, and then the next week, this much." and i can see how many more calls are going to come in. And i can therefore know ahead of time, i'm going to need to hire this many closers by this date, this many closers by this date, this many closers by this date. Because again, it's a 3 to four week best case scenario, two week problem that you have to solve. That has to be something you can perpetually do. You obviously also have to have the skill set and knowhow to actually fill the calendars consistently on the paid advertising side, the organic side, or the combination of the two.

You have to have the proper sales management in place to be able to train these people and activate them quickly so you can confidently take that risk to fill their calendar, right? and here's the thing. I want to be really clear on this. My channel has so many videos that can help you with that confidence. But of course, my paid programs do as well.

And there's links for both of those down in the description. Whether it's my master internet marketing program where we go through seven weeks, each class is about 3 to 5 hours in length. We cover one topic per week. Super in-depth fire hose of information. You come out a true expert.

On the other side, my offer for rich people trying to get a lot richer is my jeremy's inner circle offer. An incredible program, one-on-one mentoring, weekly group calls, quarterly in-person masterminds right here in good old miami, florida. And by the way, we still have the penthouse, of course, we do the networking over at the penthouse, and we just do the actual like day of content with some networking. It's a two-day thing. So, anyway, unlimited access to jeremy ai, huge course library, tons of [ __ ] that comes with it, and it's very valuable.

Helps rich people get a lot richer for sure. But anyway, my point being that's what you have to be skilled at. However you choose to be skilled at it and get the confidence and certainty you need, you need it. That's the moral of the story. Now, once you actually have done the math, okay, what you then need to do is you need to pick a specific funnel or you need to pick a set of funnels.

Okay? and you need to be able to plug your offer into that successfully as well. So, here's the thing. Different offers require you and different sales teams require you to play into the strengths of what your business prefers and what your customer type prefers. As a great example of this, when we have sales teams that are just absolute [ __ ] killers, they could give a [ __ ] if somebody books a call with them.

They just want to call as many people as they can that had any baseline level of interest. Even if it's curious or a low level of interest, they don't give a [ __ ] they just want to dial and text and follow up infinitely with as many people per day as they possibly can. If you've got that type of sales team, there's no need to have essentially a lot of the inefficiencies that come from webinars or call funnels. You can just run a strategy that leverages lead forms like the hydra strategy that's in almost all instances going to get a far greater quantity of leads and enable your people, your sales people in this case to immediately dial on those people and have a lot more people to dial through for the same dollars spent. Comparatively, if your sales team right now is used to a very warm lead, okay, a webinar might be the best case scenario for you.

A call funnel with incredibly well-built back-end selling systems like well-built confirmation pages, the hammer them campaign for remarketing and putting content in front of those people, which we talk about in depth on this channel, of course, and in all the paid programs that we have, value dense email sequences, the setters, making contextual lists of sales assets and texting it to those leads prior to the calls. That's likely what you're going to have to play into if you have a sales team that prefers scheduled calls and prefers people to come through very hot. Okay. The other very important thing to note is you can have in either one of these scenarios instead of the fronting cash model with funnels, you can liquidate the cost of that ad spend through a low ticket to high ticket funnel where you sell somebody something. We recently saw that as an example.

It seemed like a [ __ ] super bowl level event for this info industry. Specifically, we saw her mosi do an absolute gangbusters selfquidating. I i looked at it more as a challenge funnel because it was like upwards of 5 hour webinar, but still i mean it was technically a webinar. The moral of the story is he got people to buy a book and had a handful of upsells in that specific funnel prior to his webinar happening. So, and he demonstrated this inside of his webinar.

He was profitable going into it, right? and we've talked about that on this channel with challenge funnels specifically where we've had upwards of a 1.9x profitability and generated a few million dollars on the back end in free and clear profit because we were already profitable on the leads that we acquired that were going to show up where we actually sold what we really wanted to sell them. The high ticket thing. So low ticket to high ticket can also be an incredible option for you if you prefer to liquidate some of your ad spend up front. Here's the thing.

In all scenarios, whatever you specifically commit to, there's a whole set of problems that are just bundled together waiting on the other side of you taking these actions. Right? i've had clients where they've done consistent week-over-week webinars, risking 25k per live webinar that they've done, changing the specific day of the week or the time, the webinar content, the show rate sequences until maybe 2 months into it or upwards of 3 months into testing. They finally crack it and then are cracking upwards of 5 to one or even sometimes upwards of 10 to one rorowaz. But it takes in that case low hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad spend to get to that point of profitability.

Thankfully, in that scenario that i'm thinking of in this example i articulated to you, they were essentially breaking even on each webinar that they've done. But that's not even always best case scenario. Most of the time, you're going to lose money when you try a new funnel for a sustained period of time until you solve the problem, right? and that's where paying for speed can make a lot of sense. You bring in the right people that can condense the timeline of getting it to be profitable and not only that, but getting it to be something that can scale.

Those two things are the most important problems to solve. Get it to the point it's profitable and then get it scaling. As long as you overcome those two issues, which again are just made up of so many little small issues a part of it, you're going to have a great time. But if you can't financially endure that and there's a specific funnel that might be more profitable for you sooner, you want to buy into that. You've likely heard and seen many times over now, somebody that you know or somebody that you look to in the industry or somebody you maybe even view as a competitor that's just [ __ ] crushing crushing it with a specific funnel that you currently don't use.

But when you hear me say these things about playing into your strengths, you might be able to more easily conclude that it just doesn't make sense for you to use that funnel. It might make more sense for you to use the specific funnel that your strengths play into that you just haven't attempted to actually try hard on and scale with. You understand what i'm saying? once you actually get to the point where you're like, "okay, i've done the math. Which specific funnel type makes the most sense for me?" let me also just kind of close with this on this specific point.

Budget can also make a big difference to which funnel type you choose. So, if i'm going to do something like a webinar, i have to financially model out the webinar statistics. I have to go look and make sure that whatever i claim i want to spend on that single webinar test is going to generate enough opt-ins, get enough people to show up, i'm going to do well enough on the webinar to get enough people to book a call or direct checkout. There's then going to be enough people if i do a book a call that show up and close with x dollars for an aov that makes it profitable to do that test. When we have clients that say i want to do a webinar test and we do the financial modeling, we'll usually have to spend upwards of about three to four times as much in the month for a test budget on a webinar funnel comparatively to a callunnel.

Call funnels are a little more relenting. They don't require you to spend as much to have the amount of opportunities that you need to be able to work through with enough data coming in to get to the point where you're profitable and able to still accumulate enough data along the way when you're not profitable to make the necessary changes confidently. You understand? so, it's a little more relenting in terms of ad spend. Right?

again, when you pick a funnel, think with budget. Think with the strengths that you have. Okay? try to play into what what's already working. That's what i'm essentially trying to articulate to you when i say that.

Play into what works now for you. If you're doing dm ads on instagram shoutout campaigns organically, just [ __ ] run dm ads, right? don't don't do a call. Don't do a webinar. Do dm ads.

Makes total sense for you. If you already do a call funnel organically and all your leads are coming in really well framed because they're consuming a lot of content. From there, you have to be able to pick the right ad strategy or if you're going to do organic, just the right acquisition strategy in general. Here's the thing with ad strategies. Okay?

one thing that i've done for over a decade, i've pioneered these. I call them content first ad strategies and i've got about a dozen of them. These content first ad strategies are pretty simple to understand. I take content that's posted organically and i replicate the organic sales process via paid ads by incorporating the content strategically at different points in the advertising and sales process. Sometimes i'll have campaigns like my venus fly trap or the venus fly trap 2.0 know or the harvester or the tornado these larger or the forester where i'll lead with content and after either a sequence of content is consumed or just a single piece of content is consumed i'll then immediately retarget people with direct response ads and other strategies like my reverse venus fly trap like the hammer them strategy or even just other parts of the forester the tornado the harvester as examples of my ad strategies that require you to have content will remarket content to people after they've started to respond to direct response.

Whether it's just retargeting them even if they didn't convert, or whether it's hammering the [ __ ] out of them after they took a key action like booking a call, replicating the organic sales process via paid ads is extremely important if you're doing well with a callunnel organically and you want to have a lot of success via paid advertising. You can't just take a callunnel by itself and raw dog it with no content. That's not going to work for you. Your salespeople are going to [ __ ] and moan and whine about how low quality the leads are, about how cold people are. They're gonna have a terrible time and you're gonna have a terrible time.

Your dollars are just gonna [ __ ] vaporize. You have to be able to replicate the organic sales process via paid advertising, right? and yes, you're absolutely right to think paid advertising provides the consistency you're looking for. But remember, key point here, you have to solve a lot of little problems and a fast succession to get to the point where it's profitable and then to get to the point where it's scalable. Okay, this specific combination, doing the math, picking the right funnel, picking the right ad strategy, obviously then requires you to get into action.

Okay, it requires you to officially place the bet. Okay, this is where you've determined your ad budget that you want to start with. This is where you financially modeled everything out. This is after you've picked your funnel. This is after you've got your ad strategy in place, the ads filmed, etc.

By the way, one total side note, pro tip, make sure that if you're going to launch ads on meta that you're aware of meta andromeda, which is their new advertising algorithm update. I've made a video on my channel fully dedicated to that topic. I've also made another separate video on my channel as it relates to a different algorithm update that they also released. The andromeda update is extremely important when it comes to the quantity and the diversity of creatives that you launch with when you officially go to advertise. If your advertiser has not prompted you and talked to you about that, they need to know about it now because it's likely [ __ ] your dollars and making you spend money less efficiently than what you otherwise could be if you followed the best practices of it.

I digress, though. The point i'm trying to make is very simple. You then got to place the bet and you've got to expose the problems. Okay, i'll say it again. There's a whole set, a whole stack of a fuckload of things.

They're all there no matter what. If you go slow, they're all still there regardless. If you go fast, you deal and solve the problems in a shorter duration of time and therefore you get to the point of profitability and scalability sooner. Okay? you have to be a little data hawk here.

You've got to really know the the numbers. You got to know how [ __ ] your kpis can be, but still enable you to scale and be profitable, okay? you got to know what a bottleneck is and where specifically you need to concentrate attention in order to attack a specific area, open up that contraction, and get a fuckload more people to funnel through. These are all mandatory. These are non-negotiable variables of the million-doll a month scaling plan that you have to have.

Okay. The other very important thing is you need to choose and commit to a pace. A lot of people don't do this. Therefore, the pace that they move at is extremely random and controlled and influenced by just things outside of you, you know, outer influences. Man, have i seen that so many times where like somebody has some willingness to commit to a fast pace and then all of a sudden they get into the action and like, you know, they encounter one of the first problems they're going to deal with and then it's just like, you know, turtle speed.

>> we don't want to do that kind of stuff. We want to commit to a pace and make sure we stay at that pace. Okay, very important. Once you get into the action and you expose the problems, again, just to reiterate, super simple. Speed in which you solve problems dictates the speed in which we succeed and get to the point where we achieve this.

Okay, that's all it really is. And the speed in which you move comes down to knowhow. Okay? you don't know what you don't know. And for those of you sitting here thinking to yourselves, you know, i've kind of committed to some of what's already being talked about here, but i've been stuck for a long time.

You have to update your software. You have to update what you think. You have to be able to put new data into your brain. That gives you new opportunities to think with new solutions. You only know what you know, and you can only think with what you know.

That's why you're sitting here right now watching this very video. You're looking and seeking new data that can help move you forward and kick you up to that next level. Again, if you're new to my channel, and this so happens to be the very first video you're ever consuming from me. Every single video on my channel has so much in-depth information on so many of these individual problems that you may face or literally are actively facing right now. I would encourage that you go consume those.

And of course, when you finally, trust me, when you finally get results with what i've sat here, broke down for you, and i'm communicating to you. Join into one of my paid offers. I am not one of those guys that puts all my stuff out there for free online. Quite the opposite. I put about 10 to 20% of what i know on places like here on youtube.

And i withhold all the real secret sauce, the juice, the things that are probable to have that much more impact from my paid programs, of course, cuz you're paying for them. I'm really good at my job of helping rich people get richer. I understand the game. You're going to give us money, you want to turn it into more money. Okay, we're really good at that.

We fully understand that that's the game that we play and we play it extremely well. If and when you become ready, again, look for the links down in the description of any one of my videos. Pick an offer that's best for you and move on it cuz that's what we do. We get you that additional data that you need that helps you get to the point where you can act with certainty, move forward, and expand. So again, go check out some of my other videos on the channel.

Thank you so much for being here. It's an absolute pleasure to talk with you. Of course, go get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To ACTUALLY Attract Rich Buyers With Your Messaging
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sISIM77msf4
CATEGORY: Messaging
============================================================

Welcome into the video. I'm going to teach you how to talk to rich people properly in your messaging. Whether it's your organic content, your paid advertising, your funnels, your vssls, your emails, what your sales team says, what it all looks like. In today's video, you're going to learn and walk away from this with the confidence and certainty of what it takes all the pro tips to go out there and attract rich folks through your funnel. Let's be honest, one of the number one variables that absolutely [ __ ] sucks to deal with is a bunch of poor people coming through your funnel.

Nobody likes it. Nobody has fun dealing with it. You likely have a lot of people that are coming through currently that are like that. If you're sitting here watching a video like this, and i will tell you point blank, you are likely unintentionally doing all kinds of things that attract these folks. And after today's video, you're going to have a lot more certainty of what not to do and of course what to do.

My name's jeremy haynes. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, we got you. All we do around here is hand down lessons from people who have been there, done that. Of course, there's no income claims.

There is no earning potential. This is a youtube video, my friend. We have no idea who you are, what you're capable of, and whether you have any probability at all to go out there and make this happen for yourself. Here's what we do know. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, there's a.1% probability of ever making this happen for yourself at $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability of ever cracking million-dollar months or a couple million bucks a month.

As you can imagine, that'd have a point, bunch of zeros, and then a one. So, anyway, don't get any kind of thoughts about whether you're going to watch this and go out there and do those kinds of things. That's not the intention of this video. The intention is again just to hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that, and show you what they're doing. Well, okay, here's the first one.

Birds of a feather flock together. It's a very important lesson. Rich folks look a particular way. Rich folks dress a particular way. Rich folks are in certain environments.

Rich folks, simply put, they behave and act a certain way. And you've got to understand based on age and where you're targeting that can dictate what character you need to be and what character you need to be putting in front of people. I'll give you a great example with me. I sit here and talk to you in essentially my grand theft auto warehouse that i have. Think about what this really is.

I have a bunch of nice cars that i pull up outside of my office that's got a $40,000 painted shark mural on it cuz my company's called megalodon marketing. I'm sitting in front of like $20,000 in toys that were given out to kids. That's a $220in led screen behind me. I have a $50,000 sound system from the people who installed the sound at club space and club 11 here in miami. Shout out to infinite audio.

I have get richer fridges and signs. I am i'm not going to talk about the price of this specific watch, but listen, if you know what this is, you know what this is. The point i'm trying to make is is i appeal to a younger, richer demographic. The younger, richer demographic that i specifically sell to most commonly dresses like how you see me dress. And i dress this way, too.

They drive cars like what i drive. They wear they wear watches like what i drive. Okay. Sure. Are there some people that we attract occasionally outside of that demographic?

yeah. But a lot of the style of how i communicate and who i get results for best and the way that everything is built over here is got to be attracting a specific character type into it. And if you're not self-aware of that, imagine what that would do. Imagine if i got frustrated with 20some year olds and 30some year old dudes who have fleets of supercars and you know say things like i won't say these two words but the g word that relates to what your preference is to stick what where and the rword which honestly i would say to you straight to your face or regularly anywhere but youtube. I just don't want to get banned around here and i don't want long-term risk.

So anyway, moral of the story is i say words like that. All my people say words like that. Imagine if i was shocked when those types of people came through my funnel and instead i wanted a more like excessively corporate person to come through my funnel. I wouldn't. I wouldn't at all.

As a matter of fact, usually the corporate people who try in any way, shape, or form to buy my offers are some of the worst people that could possibly buy them. They get the least results. They're so [ __ ] slow. They're overly political. And on top of that, they get offended by essentially everything i would otherwise say.

This is very important to understand how you are and how you present yourself. That is going to attract people that are like you, talk like you, that look like you. And if you want to attract rich folks, you don't want to be talking to them in a dinky one-bedroom apartment with no art on your walls in a room that looks like it's their closet for their wife. You get what i'm saying? you got to put yourself in environments and be the character in which they would otherwise expect you to be.

And i just want to be very direct when i say this, too. This does get a little racy as well. If you do venture into where you're from and how you look, like let's use the example that you're a third worlder, right? that manage to climb your way out, get to the point where you are dominating and super [ __ ] rich inside of a first world country. When you go out there and start advertising as you, you have a very high probability to attract that demographic that's still over there in the third world.

So, you might just simply put have the wrong character from more so like a race perspective. To be honest with you, it's very important to understand there's rich people from all walks of life, all shapes and sizes, all colors, and all ages. The main thing that i'm trying to emphasize with this first lesson is, and this is very important you understand this, you want to look the part, be the part. And that's what a lot of these lessons here relate to today. Here's the second thing.

You can add iq based questions inside of your applications to help with the pixel conditioning of them. And these come in all different shapes, form, and sizes. One of the recent funnier ones is an example that i saw in my jeremy's inner circle chat was one of our longtime members, daniel fosio, who was saying he had recently added an application question asking essentially like a math problem. Like, hey, if you make this much off a client and you spend this many hours off that client and it only costs this much in cost to deliver for that client, what's your effective hourly rate? and it was a multiple choice question.

It was like it was a short form question. He used it in a conditional logic application in order to deduct a logic point and not send that type of person back to his pixel. That way, he's not only attracting people who answer his financial qualifications correctly, but he's also only sending back people to the pixel at a high enough volume to be capable of doing this and exiting the learning phase successfully that also have a particular iq. He claims that inside of his offers, the average iq is upwards of 120 plus and that if somebody comes in there with just a dastardly lower iq, that that unfortunately leads to a much higher failure rate comparatively to the success rate that he maintains now. So, we found that as an example of a necessary question.

You can also take that same logic of adding something as simple as a question inside of your application like that to help with pixel conditioning and correlate it in a more broad way to all of your messaging in general. Think about things like this is a great qualifier. You shouldn't even be sitting here watching this if you don't already make at least 100 grand a month. I help rich people get richer. I don't help people start.

Can you pull some base level of value if you're below that income threshold from my videos? sure. But can you pull a fuckload more value from it and have a dramatically higher probability of using the information and finding success with it if you're above that threshold? yeah. Do we get guys that come through that already make more than a million bucks a month that we still help get richer?

yeah. Do we have guys that are at a couple hundredk a month that we help get richer? yeah. Do we offer guarantees or earnings claims for that? [ __ ] no.

You and i both know as a rich dude that it's a risk in damn near anything you're going to try to do to get richer. We don't make any guarantees. We don't in any way, shape, or form tell you you're going to go and make a certain amount of money. We will not offer you that certainty. What we will offer you are tried and trueue, tested, proven by a lot of [ __ ] people that are probably just like you.

Reasons, strategies, tactics, sops, tools, softwares, processes that you'll likely be able to implement your business and see some level of result with. But is it guaranteed you get a result? [ __ ] no. What do poor people want? poor people want certainty.

Poor people need certainty because they have less money to risk than rich people. Rich people have more money so they can take more risks. And the risks that they take, they don't need to be as certain on. When you get richer, you're essentially just more and more of a gambler. As time goes on.

But thankfully, you're taking sophisticated gambles, not dumb gamles that do have a high probability to play out. But you know that as a rich person. See, the poor people watching this or the regular people watching this that aren't my ideal demographic that again shouldn't be watching it are the people who would otherwise absolutely want certainty. If they would ever consider buying something from me, they would need me to point blank say, "hey, you in this product purchase that you're going to make have this potential for a result and it's really high. And like when you risk these dollars, don't worry.

You should have a lot of hope and and there's all the potential that you would need is there and you could have the certainty to pull the trigger. We do the exact opposite because as an example, when it comes to like an iq question in an application, the iq qualifier there is essentially just a qualifier of actively disclosing risk, actively disclosing that there is no probability beyond a low one that you can go out there and take this information and do something with it to make more money, right? it's like cuz it's up to the person. Every rich person sitting here is like, "yeah, he's totally [ __ ] right." every person who's regular is like >> oh my god like why the [ __ ] am i even sitting here watching this then like oh my god >> you see what i mean it's like that deters the wrong people and it attracts the right people it's like think about it like this too and this is also really important you understand this when a question like what daniel fosio was asking in his application is present and somebody answers it with the wrong question whether they actually did the math or not if they answer with the wrong question it also just shows their current commitment levels and that's also something you want to understand richer people generally carry far more responsibility richer people generally have much higher commitment levels s comparatively to what regular people or poor people would ever otherwise have. And this is really important you understand this as well in terms of how it can correlate to great application questions and great messaging that you can simply weave into what you do.

You have to be able to take some of the messaging lessons that we taught in one of my most recent videos where i discussed problems, circumstances, and outcomes amplifiers. I gave an example with a madeup vssl about how we're going to go to mars and how we're probably going to have space bases and civilizations on one of jupiter's moons and how we'll eventually be like a multi-solar system species. I gave examples of all that in those other videos and i won't turn this into all that, but i will say this point blank. You have to be able to relate. That's the number one thing you have to do.

You have to be able to relate. A qualified person in the example of daniel fosio's iqbased question in his application that acts as conditional logic is perfect. It's perfect. A rich person would sit there and be like, "oh, that makes sense." the right type of person would be like, "easy answer, right?" the wrong person would be like, "oh my god, like why?" they'd probably just leave. Probably wouldn't even answer it.

And if they did try to answer, they'd probably answer it wrong. It's an incredible qualifier. But again, you could do that in messaging across the board as well, like the example i provided to you. Let's go to the next one. So, words that regular people don't use.

These two with my last point and this point correlate quite well together. This is really important you understand how simple this truly is. It's not tough at all. It's actually quite easy. Here's a few.

So, rich people actively use words that regular people would never use. Okay? rich people use words like capital. Rich people use words like dry powder. You know what that means?

but the wrong person watching this, they have no [ __ ] clue what that means. They're confused by this terminology in general, right? sure, they might know what capital is, but might not to the same extent that you and i know it. Risk, okay? earnings disclaimers, things like that.

Talking actively about what the real possibilities are of a potential offer and the success of that offer, right? even that alone can attract or deter the right or wrong type of person from coming through your funnel. It's very important that you weave in those small words that differentiate who it's for and who it's not for. Because at the end of the day, something as simple as making an income claim. A lot of you run funnels or title youtube videos or go out there and just make content in general that's some of the most non-compliant [ __ ] on earth.

You have no earnings disclaimers. You have no income potential disclaimers. You have no like standard disclosure of your success rates inside of what you do with your products and services that you sell and you try to sell to rich people but again like you do the most basic [ __ ] wrong like in the headline i remember one time this guy comes in joins jeremy's inner circle first thing he wanted to know how do i attract more financially qualified people and i'm like hey send me your funnel he shoots me over the link to his funnel and the headline of the funnel is something about hey like here's him in his vssl he's like >> i've generated over $und00 million with like this brand and that brand and i'm going to show you how to make 10k a month with like a [ __ ] cleaning business >> the [ __ ] that's like insane for both rich people and insane for regular people. Regular people would watch that and be like, "what are you talking about?" like, "why would the [ __ ] would a guy who made $100 million want to help me make 10k a month?" and then to financially qualified people that are watching that, they'd say the exact same thing. They'd be like, "what the [ __ ] up with this guy?

bullshit." they're everybody's [ __ ] radar would be going off the charts, right? and sometimes it's as simple as you are your biggest problem in attracting the right types of people versus the wrong people coming in. Something very important to consider. Okay, here's the next one. Environments that rich people relate to.

Think about this, right? this is half this. This i don't even know all of what you can see back here, but this is half of this warehouse that we have here in miami, florida. Okay, half of it. The whole other half is where we work.

Desks, offices, nice glass, coffee machines, the get richer fridge, some couches to hang out. What you also can't see is our ping pong table and our pool table. You can't see like the bay doors where we can pull cars in and out of here. Maybe you can see the golf cart back there. Here's my point, okay?

this place is [ __ ] awesome. You as a rich person, like you relate to this. You look at this kind of environment, you're like, "yeah, it looks pretty sick, dude. This guy's over here playing grand theft auto in real life. You look at places like, as an example, the penthouse where i shoot, right?

where i got the three-year lease on it. You you look at people like me when i'm being transparent even about just leasing things over 3 years instead of buying them. And you listen to those kinds of things i say. You see the places in which i shop. You see how i carry myself and where you specifically find me.

Environments can also count as just stuff and things like the types of cars you have. Have you ever, as an example, seen a rich dude flex like a datejust and a gallardo from lamborghini and think to yourself, m something's a little off there? you know, it's like the messaging has to match the character and the character has to be in a specific environment to amplify the character's traits. This is one of the number one things that people get wrong when they make content, when they make ads. Like, they shoot it with the super boring environments.

It's like they set up tiny little studios in the corner of a room in their house with like the [ __ ] $20 amazon wall panel black triangle things and they, you know, put like a random light in the background and like, you know, look the same as everybody else. It's like, guys, this is important you understand this. Like, rich people aren't looking for you to be at pelican hill or, you know, in a man every time that you go shoot or a one and only resort, right? it's like they just look for things that match the message that you're communicating. There has to be congruency between the message, the character, and the environment, right?

if one of those things conflicts with one another, it can trigger a little bit of a red flag or like a bs signal to start going off in the mind of a rich person. This is really important to consider. This also correlates to kind of a subpoint that one of jeremy's inner circle members mentioned. His name's dawson. Dawson was saying, you know, i have all my salespeople wear quarter zips, which i'm sure you guys all are aware of.

And that's a great tip is how they dress, how they look. Like, there should be congruency across the board in this point. It shouldn't just be the character that leads on the front end that acts and behaves and looks a particular way and is in with certain environments. It should carry through across the board. I'll give you a great example.

My head of sales is rich enough to where the guy has a lakehouse. He's a second house. That's a lakehouse. He's got really nice cars. He's got four kids, right?

if you look in his environment, he's got the $10 million plaque on his wall, too, from our company that clickfunnels gave him, right? it's like he's got the right stuff. He looks the part and he's always wearing a polo shirt with a megalodon marketing logo on it. And guess what? he did that by choice.

I didn't even have to tell him to do it. But you would want to tell your people to do it if they're not doing it. Whether it's a quarterzip, whether it's a polo, whether it's a specific environment, like you want your people to look the part. God forbid you attract rich people and then they get on the phone with some [ __ ] random donkey that's in a one-bedroom apartment with nothing on his walls with a shitty setup. You know, it's like your people got to look the part, too.

Everything has to have congruency. This is very important you understand this, okay? which correlates to my next point. The law of association. What you associate with, what you wear, what you do, what you buy, how you behave, who you're with, the environments that you're in.

There is a perception of each one of these things. Like as an example, even just think of the hotels that i name, right? like places like the aman, places like one and only resorts, places like the four seasons, right? i, as an example, as a rich person, i think the rits kind of fell off a little bit after they got bought by the marriott. I won't mention that cuz i don't think the rits make sense to mention.

You wouldn't catch me there anymore, you know? are there certain ones that are nice? yeah. But to be clear, it's like overall they degraded a lot. My point is is like just just based on even little things like that, you might not realize it, but the human brain is very powerful.

It takes it all in. You might only think that you are processing information that you consciously process, but all information is consumed when you're exposed to it. And those little things start to become what you associate with. Think about this as an example. I'm shooting in front of this big pile of toys that we're giving away next weekend to all these local underprivileged people nearby that need a great christmas still.

And me and a bunch of my rich friends, we accumulated a bunch of toys. I spent about 10 grand just in toys myself in this whole pile. Roughly 20 grand of toys currently. This is the boy pile. This is the girl pile.

It's like think about that. Like what do you associate with that? right? it's like or think about something as simple as like a bible quote, right? i just on my story most recently posted a simple quote which was about having vision and how people perish without vision.

And i don't remember the specific, you know, book and chapter and whatnot that it was a part of. It's a powerful quote though and i liked it a lot and i pulled it right out of the bible. What does even me saying that right now? associate how you think of me too. You see how it works?

it's like it's character development. Every time there's one of those little pieces of data, even if it's as fast as something as a short ad or as long as something like you being this long into the youtube video so far, all these things make a significant difference to all of the power and authority that you can transfer to you based on what you specifically associate with. Something very important to consider. Last thing, tonality and vocab. Notice how in every video you'll ever watch from me, i talk with true, genuine authority and certainty in what i'm sitting here talking to you about.

You'll never find me yapping about some [ __ ] i don't actually know thoroughly. I talk from a place of authority because i have authority in this field. I know it extremely well. I am very good at it. This is something that is naturally picked up on by all people that will watch your content, that will consume your ads, that will go through your emails, that will talk to your salespeople.

They will know, especially rich people, if your folks are full of [ __ ] or not, or if you're full of [ __ ] or not. What you do and what you say and how you say it is equally as important as everything else that i've talked about in this list here with you today. Are there more tips? of course there are. Will i talk to you about them for free on youtube?

hell no, buddy. It's time for you to step up and buy one of my offers. I got jeremy's inner circle, which is perfect for rich people trying to get richer. Twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly in-person masterminds right here at the facility in good old miami, florida. An incredibly active group chat, unlimited access to jeremy ai, 30 plus well doumented sops on everything you need to know on getting richer.

We talk about everything. It's not just paid ads. We talk about organic. We talk about sales. We talk about scaling.

We talk about all walks of life. We talk about mindset. We even talk about spiritual [ __ ] now, it's a very well-compassing program. There's a ton of videos that you also get access to when you join in. We're really excited to help you out if you're the right fit.

I will say it is costly, but it's costly because we are very good at our jobs of turning money into more money. We will not sell you if we don't believe in our capacity to help. Let me also be clear in saying we have an incredible program that some of you i don't think are aware of. It's called master internet marketing. There's also a link down in the description for that.

It's a 7-week class. We have once a year a massive update of this program. And guess what? it's a onetime cost with lifetime access to the program. Every year that we do a new update, you don't got to spend more money.

You could come go through the entire seven weeks all over again and we update the class for whatever's new for that most recent year that changed in the marketing world. We look forward to helping you out one way or the other, whether it's through one of those paid programs or right here on youtube for free. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. Go check out some of my other videos. And i implore you, check out some of those links down in the description.

Talk soon, everybody.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Build A Profitable Low-To-High Ticket Funnel (Step-By-Step)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biOjWH8eJXU
CATEGORY: Funnels - Low-High
============================================================

Low ticket to high ticket is absolutely awesome. It liquidates a lot of the ad spend or for those of you who do it completely wrong, a very small percentage of the ad spend. In a great scenario, you're profitable before you even make the high ticket sale. In this video, we're going to cover some of the best practices from people who have been there, done that, and liquidate all their ad spend, and are ideally break even or profitable going into the whole process. We're also going to be covering some of the best practices to take that high ticket sale that you want to have occur and condense the time frame down to something that's more ideal than a couple months or even a couple weeks.

There are a specific set of actions and tactics that you must implement in your low ticket to high ticket process. We're going to cover a majority of them here in today's video. If you're new to the channel, welcome in. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first millie or next millie a month, you're in the right place because all we do around here is hand down lessons for people who have been there, done that, and cracked these big numbers.

Let me be very direct in saying though, there are no income claims. You are likely an absolute idiot. A part of the 99.99 plus% of people who never stand a chance in hell to hit these kinds of numbers. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that.1% of all business owners on earth ever crack $10 million a year. That's an 8 figure run rate.

Let alone the even smaller percentage of people that ever crack million-dollar months or the even smaller percentage that ever crack bigger numbers than that. And no, this isn't some weird way of saying, "oh, well, you still stand a chance." you have the highest probability possible. Imagine being a germ on somebody's hand and thinking that purel won't wipe you out when it has a 99.99% chance of doing so. That's what you likely are. It's the germ that thinks that you are not going to get wiped out, but you will get wiped out.

So again, these are just lessons for entertainment and education purposes exclusively that we're handing down to you in today's video. So welcome in if you're new to the channel. That's all we talk about around here. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Always pleasure to have you.

Without further ado, let's dive in. The first way that you will likely [ __ ] up your low ticket to high ticket process is in the pricing decision of the main low ticket product. You have to understand the very first thing that you want to be thinking with to immediately stack your odds of success in the low ticket portion of this funnel. The success in the low ticket portion of the funnel would mean you liquidate the ad spend it took to get the buyer in to then start the upsell process to the high ticket product. That's typically the best scenario.

An even better scenario than that would be getting to the point where you're profitable from the low ticket sale itself. That way, every dollar that you make past that point is just even more profit that reigns in. A majority of you are probable to lose money and liquidate a small percentage of the total spend in that low ticket process. And again, pricing is one of the biggest ways. It's the initial decision that you need to make.

The pricing range that can typically [ __ ] you is somewhere in like a $7 to upwards of $50 range. Most people who really whiff, they're somewhere in like the $7 to $30 range. This is typically the nogo zone. The illusion of this specific price is you justify to yourself. You're like, >> "well, i'm going to get a lot more [ __ ] people to buy if whatever the first thing is is really cheap, >> right?" and technically, you're not wrong.

Like, you're going to get a higher percentage of people that'll purchase. But the issue is is you're also going to attract somebody who has a lower probability to purchase the next things because they purchase something too cheap initially. In addition to that, you have to consider that whatever that lowest ticket thing is, like the literal entry point of the funnel in most instances, that specific price, if you acted like nobody else purchased beyond that, that would be what your aov essentially rounds out to become. So right away when you consider pricing, the very first step, the very first thing that you're actually going to charge, if whatever you actually charged for that was the only thing that somebody bought and you thought to yourself, well, could i get purchases below that specific cost, you're going to be in a much better place. So as an example, if i charged $99 for the first thing, and i could get a cost per purchase, okay, below a $99 threshold, i'm in a good spot.

Okay. Anything less than $99, i'm break even or profitable. Now, to be clear, if i had an aov because the only thing that somebody bought was the first thing and it was like $7 or it was $30 or whatever it is, is my cpa probable, especially this time of year to be less than that specific price, right? and then when you think in terms of probabilities, which one sounds more probable, right? i want to give myself the wiggle room because the lower that my cost per purchase has to be for me to be break even, the lower my probability is of actually getting to the point where i'm break even or profitable on the low ticket sale.

You understand? so why would you set the bar with your aov to be so low where you're immediately going to shoot yourself in the foot and [ __ ] yourself with your aov. The price can be whatever you want it to be. People tell me all the time, they're like, "oh, i have a bookfunnel as an example, and the bookfunnel is my low ticket product. No one's going to buy a book for more than like $20 with the free plus shipping and handling cost, >> right?

and yeah, i mean, again, you're not wrong. And most people who run book funnels, they are going to be running at a negative burn rate and they're going to have to sustain until people read the book before they have any probability to get the high ticket sale to occur. So again, in terms of low ticket funnels, there's all kinds of lessons we'll talk about. We'll save that here for a moment. Just remember pricing.

Ideally, the very first thing that they buy if your aov was that, okay, it's good enough to where you can realistically get cost per purchases with a scaled amount of spend behind it, by the way, to sustain profitability or break even, okay? or at the very least, like at least get it to the point where the aov is high enough to where it liquidates more than 60% of your total ad spend just in the first purchase alone. Okay, pricing is very important to understand. Most people also really whiff on the low ticket to high ticket funnel by not having enough upsells. Okay, so when you look at the total amount of upsells that you realistically need, ideally you have three to four altogether.

Okay, and these come in strategic forms. Let me give you a great example of this. If i did run a bookfunnel as my low ticket product, the book itself can have a little bump cell right there in the actual order form. I can add something like the audio version of the book. I can add something that complements immediately the actual purchase occurring.

If i go to a nice steakhouse, let's say i go to morton's, i go to flemings, whatever it is that you specifically love, your local steakhouse near you. Okay? let's say we go to mastros together. One of the first things that they do when you order your steak is say, "what would you like with the steak, sir? do you want the black truffle butter?

do you want the bone marrow butter? do you want the red wine butter? would you prefer us to load it up with crab and lobster? like, what do you want on top of it?" that's immediately their version of a bump sale. It increases their overall aov.

That's the first upsell that you got to think with is what's your version of adding the $17 butter to the stake. Okay? something that when you look at it, it's just a little check box right there on the order form itself. It doesn't need a whole sales page. It's super obvious that it would make whatever you just bought better.

Okay? without a lot of explanation needed. That should be the very first upsell is ideally the bumpell. Okay, that little check box on the actual order form itself. Now, the rest of your specific upsells have to be something that complements that low ticket product.

One thing that i talk about inside of my inner circle class and that i've also covered inside of master internet marketing, which are both paid programs, you can check out the links for those down in the description. The high ticket product is what we label the main thing. Okay? and in this high ticket product, it's made up of a bunch of smaller things. And when you draw it out like this, you'll realize that whatever the high ticket thing is, all these little things like whatever it is that makes up that high ticket thing that you've actually got.

This is where your low ticket products and your upsells would ideally come from. You would take realistically like thing number one that makes up your high ticket product and that would become your low ticket product. And then because somebody purchased that, there's typically in most instances some specific things that kind of make up that as well. And those can be easy upsells. So i'll give you a perfect example of this.

I historically have had a low ticket product that was called the perfect cold video pitch bundle. So for over a decade with my marketing agency, we've been doing this thing we call the perfect cold video pitch. I'll sit down, i'll make a video. And through time, we started just customizing these without me having to sit down and make them myself. My sales team would sit there and do it all day and just blast out these video pitches.

Everybody's super [ __ ] lazy that pitches people. And as i'm sure you can imagine, looking at your dms every day, you know exactly what i'm talking about. Somebody like me comes along and i give you a custom video where you listen to it and you say, "that strategy this guy's talking about actually makes a whole lot of [ __ ] sense." the probability of you responding is far greater than just one of these [ __ ] that hits you up with these super selfish messages they send. Almost like they're demanding a response or entitled to a response. But anyway, i digress.

The perfect cold video pitch is a great way to acquire clients with a marketing agency. And for a good few years, i had my entire education company built around helping agencies. Okay, so long story short, the main product that i had, okay, it was called high ticket agency. High ticket agency was the main thing. It helped with everything that an agency would need to know to start or scale up aggressively.

And one of those things that made up high ticket agency was obviously learning how to acquire clients. That is a branch in this example. It'd be like thing number one, how to acquire clients. But there's more than one way to acquire clients. There's the video pitch strategy, which also incorporates what we call valuedriven follow-up.

You can run paid ads. You can go to events. You can have referrals. You can post organically. There's all different kinds of ways.

The way that i specifically chose to teach as my low ticket product was, well, let me show them how to do the perfect cold video pitch and let me teach them how to do valuedriven follow-up. Now, if you cared about that, okay, and you chose to buy that low ticket thing, there's a very high probability that you run a marketing agency and there's a very high probability that you care about getting clients. And so some of the other things that i could easily upsell that complemented the low ticket product was literal examples and conversations that we've had. I'll give you a great example of this. The little bump cell like the first little checkbox that we talked about could be something as simple as a swipe file.

Here's scripts for what to say in the dms, emails, and it could be as simple as that. Just a little bump sale adding let's say another $19 to the total aov of each one of those individuals who chooses to purchase that bump sale. Now the very first page that comes after they choose to purchase the main perfect cold video pitch bundle is going to be something that further extends value to them related to what they specifically just purchased. So in this example, let's say that i chose something like actual conversations. So instead of a swipe file, that next page, i could go grab and export, without exaggeration, hundreds, at a minimum, hundreds of conversations that we've had back and forth with people showing the original video pitch and what we said, the back and forth associated with it until we get to the point of the sales call.

That'd be incredibly valuable for that type of person who's wanting to buy that. Now, again, outside of the logic of what to actually upsell, you tie back into that concept of, well, what should you charge? okay, you got to realize that roughly 10 to maybe 30% at best in most instances are going to purchase whatever these upcoming upsells are after that first thing was purchased. So ideally, they're high enough that with a low quantity of people buying them, you get your aov up with a weighted average from having a higher ticket thing on the back end. By higher ticket, as an example, let's say the perfect code video pitch was $100 or $50.

That second purchase, not the bump sale, not the little check box, but the second purchase would ideally be like $100 to $300 somewhere in there. Now, let me be clear in saying this again. You might be like, "wow, that's way too high." and there's going to be a lower quantity of people that buy it. But the lower quantity people that buy it, because it's a higher priced product in the hundred, low couple hundred range. It's going to weight my aov up dramatically higher than if i had 50% of people buy at $10.

You understand? so again, it's just math, which you think you're smart enough to be doing when you say, "well, i should charge less so i get more people to buy, and so therefore, my aov is actually higher." but again, if i had less people than you buy, and they buy at a higher price for $100 minimum, i'm still going to have the higher aov out of those two examples. And the perspective i'm sharing with you is literally just math. You could do it yourself, and you could find out for you specifically and what pricing you're considering what would actually make the most sense. And obviously, you then need to follow through and make sure that whatever you chose to charge less for is actually being purchased at the percentage rate that you factored into your math for why you justified charging so low.

Okay, back to my point. When you're selecting the upsells themselves, okay, as i just mentioned, ideally it complements whatever the original thing was. Okay, now here's the second upsell in this example. So again, we had the bump cell, we now had the swipe file, which would be the first official upsell. We've got two more that we ideally want to factor in.

The second upsell could be sales call recordings. What would you give a [ __ ] about if you were in the middle of pitching people to become clients of yours for a marketing agency? bang. You'd obviously care about outside of what to say in the messages in the swipe file that i could send to you. You'd clearly also care about what to say on the sales calls.

And again, we have hundreds of sales calls recorded that we could easily bundle together and sell inside of that low ticket product and put inside of a course. Okay. Now, here's the thing. This is also where most people really mess up. When you get to the point where you're considering other upsells, because you may not have a bunch of stuff like that already created for something that just makes clear as day sense to add to your ascension process, you'd likely want to add something that is also branched from the main thing.

Okay? and now again, this could be completely different. Back to my original point, the main thing in this example i'm providing to you was again called high ticket agency. Okay? in this high ticket agency product, sales and acquiring clients was only one thing.

What would somebody else care about after they actually got the client? all kinds of [ __ ] they'd care about staff. They'd care about who to hire and when. Maybe they just want access to a contractor network of people that can help them fulfill. Maybe they'd want contracts, as an example, or agreements that they could send out to people.

Sometimes in an agency, people will ask you for things like a proposal, right? and i could give a bunch of proposal templates as well. I could also obviously talk about all the specific skills that agencies actually sell. And i could pick a completely different upsell that just relates to any one of those particular things. And again, i'm ideally going to charge in my case a minimum of 100 all the way up to 300 for each one of these upsells individually.

Now, as you can see, when you look at the upsell process, this is where we get a higher aov that lifts us to the point of profitability. Most people when they do low ticket to high ticket, they [ __ ] it up right away because they don't have enough upsells and the upsells that they do have are too low price. You got to remember the whole point of the low ticket to high ticket process is to be salesy and liquidate your ad spend. Hey, if you want to be moral in your mind and you want to be mr. High horse, >> oh, i don't want to have three to four upsells, jeremy.

I don't want to be too salesy. >> congratulations, buddy. You're going to be unprofitable. I am not going to be like you. I'm going to be profitable in my low ticket, high ticket ascension.

You understand? that's the difference. Sell people [ __ ] that's actually valuable and you won't have that dumbass thought in the first place. Every single thing that i just gave as an example, if somebody bought it, it would genuinely help them dramatically improve pitching people and getting clients, what to say when pitching people and trying to get clients, what to say on sales calls if they got to the point where they get clients, and whatever the [ __ ] else i'd choose for the last step. Again, it would also be hypervaluable and worth whatever the [ __ ] i'm going to charge for it.

That's the other big way that people really whiff on having enough upsells in the first place. They are not valuable people, okay? and as a result of that, they're not creating value for the people that they're selling to. And so they feel like pieces of [ __ ] when they try to sell people stuff because again, they're selling absolute junk. Pick great things that are actually probable to help people.

And guess what? if you don't have a whole curriculum of [ __ ] to pull from easily and pick and choose between and you have to create it, no problem. Just choose things that are actually valuable and it'll easily help you overcome that little belief you've got of, well, i don't want to have three to four upsells. That seems way too salesy. What a [ __ ] dumbass belief.

But anyway, back to my point. You have to price these things ideally in a $100 to $300 range. Okay, now let me be clear. If you see that next to nobody's purchasing your upsells, there's two things you can adjust. What you chose to sell and the price of what you chose to sell.

The easier thing to pick is the price of what you chose to sell. So, don't be afraid to tinker with it and change the range so you can increase the overall percentage of people that are actually taking your upsells. Because you need ideally about 5 to 20% of the total quantity of people who hit those pages to ideally say yes. Which again brings me back to point number one with what you price the first thing at. If you charge a measly $7 to $30, you're going to get a bunch of broke dumb asses that charge back.

You're going to get a bunch of people that don't have a shot in hell of buying something for $100 to $300 right after because again, you charged too little. Okay, if i charge $70 for a new york strip or a filt, whichever one you want, they're $70. I can charge $19 for butter. Okay. If i have my entry-level product be a $7 hot dog and then i try to upsell a $70 steak and $19 butter, i have the wrong type of customer who's not probable to buy the higher ticket thing in my upsell process that comes right after it in the funnel itself.

You understand? i have to have the right type of person there. If i sell the $70 steak at mastros, the $19 butter is my little checkbox upsell. They're going to probably buy the $30 to $50 sides and they're probably not just going to buy one. They don't just want creamed spinach.

They want my white cheddar mac and cheese. You understand? they want the buttercake at the end of the meal. They would love the delicious lobster bisque. And guess what?

they may also want incredible bottle of wine with the meal. You get where i'm going with this? the right types of people that you attract in the first place with the first thing wildly dictate the upsell rate of everything that comes after it in the funnel itself. So, make sure you pick the right [ __ ] and make sure you charge the right amount for it. Now, when you have whatever it is that you've chosen to sell officially in the hands of your customer that just bought it, the biggest thing that inhibits them from buying the high ticket thing, the thing that you've actually wanted to sell them this entire time where the true money's made, the main thing that's going to inhibit that sell from occurring and delay it from occurring is the low ticket thing or things that they just bought.

Whatever it is that you actually sell has to be consumed and applied easily. Okay? it has to be something that can have immediate effect. You don't want to sell somebody a book that's this thick or even this thick and just wait for the person to read it. Okay?

a low quantity of people even read books that they buy. Okay? when you sell somebody a book, one of the best things that you could do in this example of using a book to speed up the consumption and the ability to apply the lessons from the book, give them a little video sequence that walks through each chapter and the lessons of the chapter and how to apply the lessons from that chapter. Write an email sequence that has one email per chapter with the executive summary of what that chapter covers and a specific section in the email that says, "here's how you go apply this and get this from reading this specific chapter." make it easy. Encourage the action.

Make the consumption simple. Make it so you have the highest activation rate possible, no matter what the low ticket thing is. If somebody buys something low ticket, they will not buy anything else until the value of the low ticket thing they bought is extracted successfully. There has to be usage and there ideally even more than usage has to be a result. And sometimes the perceived value solely comes from the consumption.

Once the consumption occurs, your probability of that high ticket upsell occurring really fast. Okay? if you have a low activation rate, meaning the total quantity of people that buy your thing, they don't even [ __ ] use it. Whatever it is that you're selling them, they barely log in, they barely use it, they barely consume it. Naturally, you're going to have a lot of objections about spending a few thousand or tens of thousands of dollars with you right after that occurs.

Okay? comparatively, if you get 80 plus% of people who buy that low ticket thing within days to consume it, use it, apply it, and get some kind of win. Okay? the win has to be fast. Okay, it has to happen quickly.

You cannot have a slow, long, monotonous, drawn out win. It has to be something where as soon as i apply whatever it is that i've just consumed, when i apply it, the the speed to getting the result is very quick. Okay, if i have somebody back to my example where i sold them that perfect cold video pitch, the consumption is as simple as like two videos and an sop that they can read through with video examples of what they look like. From there, i have to encourage them to go actually make a few. That's the biggest challenge of that part of the process.

The consumption in that example is rather easy. I then have to encourage somebody to actually sit down, make the videos, and send them out. Most people who would buy that specific product. And there's a big reason that we don't sell that specific product or we don't even try to sell to that type of demographic anymore cuz most of them are poor. When you try to sell to poor people, they don't understand what it takes to be successful.

That's why they're poor. That's why they're in the position that they're in. They don't know all of what it takes. So, what we found, and this is actually really interesting, when we sold somebody that perfect cold video pitch bundle, our biggest issue wasn't consumption. Our biggest issue was them sitting down, making enough of the videos, and actually sending them out.

Most of them had a lot of apprehension about pitching businesses in the first place. Obviously, that's a huge limiting variable that we have to address. So, here's what we started to do. We added a complimentary mindset course. As you can imagine from sitting here watching me, i'm extremely direct, okay?

i made a [ __ ] banger, a banger of a series of videos, like three videos that we added in. If you purchased that perfect cold video pitch bundle, we immediately added in three extra videos that addressed the mindset of getting started with a marketing agency, which in reality was me sitting there just saying in the simplest way of saying it, you have to pitch businesses. You have to pitch a fuckload more businesses than what you think you need to pitch. You need to pitch them on all channels, not just some channel that you think. You need to optimize whatever pages you're sending from to make it look like you're a legitimate business person and not some [ __ ] sitting in their apartment that makes no money and has no idea what the [ __ ] they're doing.

Things like that. As soon as we added that to it, the success rate of people actually going out and pitching and getting those responses in a tight time frame went up dramatically. So again, to be very clear with you, whatever you're actually going to sit there and sell to people, no matter what it is, no matter what that low ticket thing is, you have to optimize around the consumption being quick and more importantly them actually getting a result quickly. An easy quick result has to happen. And whatever inhibits them naturally, you'd want to just add that to the main product that they bought.

Okay? add that to that low ticket thing. Don't make it an upsell. Just add it so you increase the speed in which they can get a result. Cuz again, that's what inhibits you from successfully getting that high ticket upsell.

Now, to be clear, the whole second half of this equation is you factoring in setters and them strategically knowing when to reach out to these individuals that you're going to sell to. Your setter team ideally needs triggers. This is very simple to create, by the way, with modern-day marketing automation and crm. If you track the consumption, things as simple as like, did they open the access email, did they download whatever the low ticket thing was? did they consume whatever the low ticket thing was?

whatever the low ticket thing is, did is if it was a physical thing, did they receive it? right? cuz your setter doesn't have to reach out and immediately act as a salesperson. They can act as an accountability coach. Now, there's a whole set of best practices that i teach to people who actually pay me money.

So, i'm going to withhold all those specific lessons from you from this point forward. You can join into one of two things that i've got access for you down in the description of this video. Number one is jeremy's inner circle. It's for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. That's where we include things like one-on-one.

That's where we include quarterly in-person masterminds here at our facility in good old miami, florida. That's also where we include our weekly group calls, a massive course vault, unlimited access to jeremy ai, and an extremely active community of all of those rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. It's an incredibly valuable product, but again, you've got to make a certain amount of money and you've got to commit for a certain amount of time. We have far too many people that would otherwise buy that product if we didn't add that friction. And we want the right types of people joining into it.

We have my flagship education company product, master internet marketing. You can preview week one of that 7-week live class below. It includes lessons extensively on what we just talked about here, taught in a seven-week set of live classes. There are 3 to five hours per class. If you join in in between our live cohorts, no problem at all.

You get access to the most up-to-date information from our most recent cohorts. You have homework libraries to consume in between those live classes, those 3 to 5 hour lessons. Each week is, of course, on a different topic. You have dozens of sops that you get access to and also jeremy ai and a very active community. Whichever one sounds more appropriate for you, be sure to check out the links for those down in the description of this video.

And either way, subscribe, check out all the other videos on my channel. Thank you so much for being here. Go out there and get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Build Webinar Funnels That Consistently Convert High-Ticket Clients
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiUSTYpidJA
CATEGORY: Funnels - Webinar
============================================================

Ladies and gentlemen, in this video, we're going to be going through step by step what you need to do to make some big money off of a webinar. Most of you guys have no [ __ ] clue what you're doing when you launch a webinar. And when you try to actually make some serious money on it, everything starts to fall apart and go wrong. Or you're one of the people that has attempted to run them in the past. You only did it once, got absolutely [ __ ] nuked and vaporized your money, and therefore you haven't tried it again.

I'm going to go through because we do webinars all the time for our clients and at a test budget, we usually spend somewhere between like 25 and $50ish,000 per webinar and we obviously want to make sure that goes right. So, we stack the probabilities through our step-by-step launch process that i'm going to go through with you here today inside of this video to make sure that our bets play out in our favor when we run these types of funnels. So, welcome in. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is cracking milliondoll months. It's all we give a [ __ ] about.

After you crack a million a month, we then give a [ __ ] about cracking the next million a month. So, welcome in if you're new to the channel. Of course, we have no idea who you are and whether you stand any chance at all of ever hitting a million dollars a month. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, the probability to hit 10 million a year is.1%. Let alone the even smaller probability to crack million months at 12 million a year.

So, no income claims, no earning potential. Get [ __ ] if you think that and leave the video now. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. You're in for another treat today.

Without further ado, let's dive in. So, when we first get started on webinar promotion, we want to do some math, and that's where typically everything begins. We crack open our webinar financial model that you can see here that we got in good old google sheets. We give this out to our master internet marketing students. We also give it out, of course, to all of our inner circle members.

And we use this exact sheet as an example for our clients when we go to determine how much we're going to likely need to spend. Okay. The very first thing that we want to be conclusive about is exactly that. What is an ideal test budget? what's a number that we can all stomach that if we do happen to vaporize it, no one's going to be sad and crying in the casino?

okay, we don't want to be in that mental frame. We want to make sure that we spend enough though to have the numbers play out in our favor. There's a specific video i did. It's one of my early on videos where i look when you look at the thumbnail, it says something about like a datadriven decision was applied here and then it looks like a graph absolutely tearing up and to the right. In that specific video, i actually cover a tipping point example within a webinar client's math where we found that below a certain threshold of spend, like just by a couple dollars off, the webinar statistics would be random and above a certain level of spend, we would rid ourselves of the randomness.

And just to be extremely articulate about what i mean, if you spend too little, okay, the probabilities are all over the place for all these subsequent statistics like your cost per lead, your show rate, your close rates, your booking rates. If you're going to do a direct to checkout versus a call booking funnel, got to be factored in, of course, aov. There's just all kinds of randomness below a certain threshold of dollars spent. So, to be clear, we want to make sure that we spend a little bit above what the bare [ __ ] minimum looks like with a set of extremely conservative, rather worst case scenario statistics. So, in this example of a financial model, let's look at what might be considered conservative from a statistic perspective, and let's look at what might need to be even more conservative than where it's currently benchmarked.

So, number one, $30 cost per opt-in. I'd say that's very conservative. I've seen cost per opt-in to webinars substantially cheaper than that. Usually, for most people that are selling a high ticket product to a sophisticated, richer audience, you could be in the teens, sometimes even less than that. When you're in the general public audience, it can be even lower relative to obviously your opt-in rate, all your advertising statistics, that combination of stats makes up what your cost per lead is going to come out to, but still $30 is very conservative.

Now, a show rate to a webinar at 30%. Now, if this is an ice cold audience, a group of people who have no idea who the [ __ ] you are, a 30% show rate can absolutely be what you can expect, but it might not be the very first webinar. So, this is very important to understand. If you've already got a webinar and it's dialed in, there's a different set of statistics that you can model out for because you've got some consistency in webinar over webinar stats to project into a model. When it's your very first one, you want to obviously bias towards a more conservative set of statistics.

I would tell you that about 10 to 15% for an ice cold audience should be your absolute bottom of the barrel, lowest you're going to likely get show rate to expect. So, if you wanted to model here and actually be extremely conservative, you'd likely throw 10% or maybe 15% into this specific part of our equation. From there, in this example of the math, we're doing a book a call rather than a direct to checkout webinar. And so, in that example, generally, it's somewhere between about 10 and 30%, if again, if you wanted to be extremely conservative, you'd bias towards the 10% benchmark. Once you get it dialed in, 30% should be your baseline of what you should expect.

But your webinar skills might be completely different and might be very unpolished. Aka, you might suck ass at webinar. If you're really good at webinars and you're really good at stage selling and you've consistently done these things for a while, bias up a little bit. But if this is your first time or one of your first times doing a webinar and you're trying to add it into your mill funnel arsenal, you know, be a little more conservative and estimate that it might be around 10 to 15% for your first webinar until you dial in the webinar itself and get better at that. Okay.

Now, call show rates. When you actually get people to book a call and then you try to get them to show up, you should definitely expect a higher show rate from a webinar call booking. If the webinar was executed successfully, especially if you've supplemented the back end of that webinar show rate process with all of our back-end selling systems that we teach and talk about extensively on this very channel. Anyway, 70% is about the norm. If you wanted to be conservative, you could go as low as about 50 to 60% close rate from a webinar.

I would fire the [ __ ] out of a closer if they got less than a 30% close rate from webinar leads. Webinar leads are layup deals. However, some of you suck at webinars and so you therefore might have a lower close rate from the leads that book onto your closer calendar. If that's the case, you obviously need to be more conservative. I wouldn't go lower than 20%, 20% is insanely low for a close rate on a webinar lead, but hey, again, you might suck at webinars and maybe you'd want to model for even lower than that.

You got your cash collected per sale, aka your aov. Same thing. Make sure that you factor in the quantity of people that historically have done piffs versus the quantity of people that have done split pays. Make sure you factor out if you're going to push people to do funding options. What you are actually going to cash collect on average.

Okay, that's what you want to plug into that model. From here, we have our sales team cost. We can factor in how much overhead we're going to have in commissions that we kick out. We're going to factor in our fixed costs as well that might come from delivering on the total quantity of people that we close. Again, this model is intended to be both gross profit and true net profit.

And we want to be able to see that ahead of time before we actually spend money on the webinar. From there, we can kind of reverse engineer and see how much we need to spend and potentially push that number up. Once we actually have a number in mind, okay, and we've officially financially modeled out how our webinar is going to look before we actually spend money on it, we can get a very conclusive number about what we're likely going to spend and worstcase scenario statistic. Okay, that's the key. Before you actually spend money, you want to figure out how bad the stats can be before you actually start losing money.

Okay, so again, worst case scenario, stats are extremely important. The quantity of people that have come to me that haven't done a [ __ ] lick of math in regards to financially modeling out worst case scenario statistics that then just vaporize money willingly because they didn't know how bad each statistic could be before it crossed into a threshold where it doesn't even make sense to spend money. They didn't know when a specific statistic was in like a code red territory. Put all attention on it and make sure that we actually get it to the point where it's profitable because to be clear, they didn't know how bad the statistic could be before they become unprofitable. So that's why we always start with math.

Once you've actually gotten to the point where you've done that math, obviously you're going to need to build some stuff out. So from here, we need to create our assets and that includes a handful of things. So to be clear, we have the actual funnel itself. The funnel has an opt-in page. It has a confirmation page after they've actually opted in it.

In addition to that, we'll typically have the webinar itself, which doesn't need to be hosted on any specific like created by you page. Most of the time, we're using zoom for the actual webinars itself nowadays. It's the most stable and largest of all the platforms. Typically has the best experience. And more importantly than anything else, the people who are going to show up to the webinar use zoom all the [ __ ] time, too.

In almost all instances, besides the bluecollar niches, but to be clear, we don't really need to build anything out for the actual webinar. What we will need to build out once the webinar is actually done is a replay page. From there, very important to note during the webinar itself, if you're doing a book a call process, you typically have an application page that will also have your scheduleuler on it. And then same thing, you have another confirmation page there. In most instances, depending on how you're selling things, you're going to have a few more things.

You're typically going to have a checkout page, which is going to be where you actually cash collect on the dollars. And then you're going to have a purchase confirmation step. Okay. Now, with all these things factored in, these are like all the typical funnel steps that we're going to need. There's obviously a handful of confirmation pages.

And so, if you're new to the channel, i talk about this rather frequently on these pages. We call them back-end selling systems. And there's four back-end selling systems in particular. Three of them don't cost money, one of them does. The one that costs money, we refer to as the hammer them strategy.

It's a very simple strategy, but just to highlight it in a very summary way. There's whole videos that i have on my channel dedicated to this topic, just to be clear. The hammer them strategy, we'll take the people who opt into a webinar or the people who book a call from our webinar. In this case, we can do hammer them strategies for both to be clear. And we'll load up 30 to 50 short form pieces of content, 15 to 30 long form pieces of content.

Think pieces of content like this for long form as an example. And we'll hammer the [ __ ] out of people who just opted into the webinar or who just booked a call from the webinar. That way we keep content in front of them in their newsfeed. It's extremely cost-effective to do this. It typically impacts all those backend stats successfully in a very positive way.

Show rates, close rates, pay in full percentages, sales cycle, timelines being condensed is very effective for this when done properly. The other three that don't cost money, one of them being the most important where you typically capture people at their peak interest is our confirmation pages. If our confirmation pages are dialed in, they'll have a whole bunch of specific back-end selling system tactics involved. They'll have these things called breakout videos. They'll have a bunch of testimonials that show best case scenarios, but more importantly, worst case scenarios and how [ __ ] people can get and a handful of other things.

And in addition to that, we have value dense email sequences. And of course, we have our setter best practices. Setters getting involved inside of a webinar helps with the show rate dramatically. But i'll cover that here shortly. For now, i just want you to understand we obviously need to build a funnel.

Okay? in addition to the funnel, we need to go film some ads. So, we typically prefer video ads comparatively to image ads for most of our webinars. However, we'll also build some image ads, too, because i don't want to be right. I just want to make money.

Okay, so moral of the story, we'll typically film nowadays at least 25 to 30 total video ads and then in addition to that, we usually have another 25 to 30 image ads on standby. Now, this is very important you understand this. Again, if you're new to the channel or maybe you already a subscriber and you just haven't seen this particular video, meta, they announced the andromeda update and if your account has been impacted around the month of july, we noticed a substantial quantity of people seem to have been impacted by this. Cpm shot up through the roof. Um, all the traditional best practices that you would have historically executed on just started to fail at a high rate.

And when you go and you look at the andromeda best practices, i i have a whole video on my channel, by the way, dedicated to this algorithm update. It's a specific step within the algorithm creative recommendation process. It's the first step, believe it or not. It sorts through all the different creatives that are available and it tries to match it with the people who are probable to convert. That's the very first step in the algo creative recommendation process.

It's called meta andromeda. Again, whole video on my channel dedicated to that. I won't go into it in too much detail here. However, i will say this. We launch and try to create this amount of creatives no matter what our spend is.

That's the number one question i get from people who are like, >> "oh, i'm only going to launch it like $100 a day >> or you're spending 50k a day. Like you have to follow the andromeda best practices. There's not like a a smaller amount of creatives they let you launch with to follow these best practices. You just have to do it nowadays. Now, typically when we actually go to launch the campaign, we we won't actually launch with all of these.

We'll typically launch with about 25 to 30 and we'll mix in some videos and some images. And then from there, we're usually setting up with individual ads and we're pairing it with the dynamic copy that we can use like five headlines, five pieces of body copy. So from here once we actually get the video ads and the image ads created obviously we need the actual ad copy as well and as i just mentioned typically for the ad copy we'll have five headlines and we will have five pieces of body copy otherwise what's known as primary text inside of the meta platform. So anyway long story short from here we got a handful of things that we also need to create. We need an email sequence and ideally this follows the backend selling systems best practices.

This should be a valued dense email sequence. Okay? again, we have entire videos on my channel just dedicated to value dense email sequences. However, very simple to understand and articulate and kind of summarize for you here. We do not just do the reminderbased stuff.

We will do that, but again, we don't just do that. We're trying to break down topics that people actually give a [ __ ] to know about that increases the probability that they show up. And we try to get them that information in a long form written email that's going to get sent out to that person prior to them actually showing up to the webinar. Okay? makes a substantial difference to the overall show rate and it helps a lot.

Okay. Now, to be clear, once we get the email sequence, we'll also typically have some text. Now, one recent really interesting thing that we learned is we do not want to send the link to join the zoom in the text. We found that that nuked our overall call booking rate when we ran that test recently because a lot of people are showing up on their phones. There's a huge difference in the intent of a lead who's watching a webinar when they show up and watch it on a device that's not a phone.

Think of watching it on your tv, your computer, desktop, laptop, whatever it is, even a tablet. Phones, oh my gosh, a show rate was technically higher, but our booking rate was [ __ ] terrible. And we concluded that was our only variable that changed. We concluded that it was because of adding the zoom link to the actual text message sequence. So again, texts don't need to be anything more than just reminders.

In most instances, you can have some valueoriented communication that go out in a text sequence, but doesn't need to be anything crazy. Now, to be clear, once you got your funnel, once you got your videos and your images, your ad copy, you got your email sequence, you got your text sequence, if you don't have this, need i not say, you obviously need the webinar slides. Okay, once you get all of this created, very important to note, you're typically good to go and can get into the promotion cycle. So, when you look at the actual promotion timeline of a webinar, there's really two ways to look at it. You have the launch period when you're very first doing a webinar, and then you have you've already got it dialed in, and you've got [ __ ] figured out.

I'll give you a great example of what that latter part means. Got a client right now, their webinar, they've been doing weekly webinars for months now, and we got that [ __ ] dialed in. I'm not going to promote that webinar at max. I'm going to do about 5 days out. I'm not promoting it longer than that, okay?

only going to promote it about 3 to 5 days out ideally somewhere in that time frame. If i have never launched a webinar for somebody before, i'm going to give myself a longer duration of time to promote it because it's going to be a little more relenting if i need to fix something and it's not going to feel as high pressure. Okay, let me be really clear when i say this. I'm going to promote a dialedin webinar in that 3 to 5 day max promotion cycle before the webinar starts because my show r's going to be higher from getting people to opt in closer to when the webinar starts. You see, versus when i promote a webinar upwards of 14 days out, those leads, you can quantify this by the way if you've ever run a webinar before, especially with ai.

Just take the creation date of each contact as it relates to like let's say 14 days out, 13 days out, 12 days out, 11 days out, etc., and map the individual show rate for those contacts. And you'll see it yourself. The people who opt in anywhere 48 hours out or longer, typically have low show rates compared to the people that opt in 2 days before, one day or before, or the highest obviously being the day of. So anyway, my point is if it's my first webinar, i'm giving myself roughly 10 to 14 days. Okay?

that way when something inevitably with a high probability goes wrong, i got time to fix it. If i need to refilm new ads, you got to keep in mind like they've got to get edited. Okay? and in terms of editing ads, just to pepper this in, by the way, we typically just do standard like talking head ads, jump cuts, captions, you know, it's nothing crazy. For image ads, it's pretty much like the headline of the actual page for the opt-in of the webinar or the topic of the webinar.

We're going to promote that in the image ads as well. So anyway, moral of the story, just to be extremely clear, if i've got 10 to 14 days out and something gets [ __ ] up, it is what it is. I'm going to have time to be able to fix it. If i do not have a dialed in webinar process and i go to promote that thing and i've only got 3 to 5 days and something gets [ __ ] up, i am cooked. Okay, i'm cooked.

I don't have time to do [ __ ] i don't have time to to fix anything. Okay, so be very mindful of that. If it's new, it's 10 to 14 days in most instances. Okay, if it is dialed in, it is typically a 3 to 5 day promotion cycle. Okay, now when i'm promoting it, all i'm doing is i'm just going back to my math.

I'm looking at how much spend i have. I'm also going to factor in, am i peppering in organic leads into this or am i just doing paid? okay. When it's one of your first webinars, pushing anybody and everybody that you can to it is a good idea because you're going to have a higher probability of being profitable, which is what you want to be able to justify the continuation of this new effort and initiative. If i raw dog it and i just do cold paid advertising audiences, that's good.

If you've got more money that you can vaporize and still be seated in the casino to continue your gambling efforts to get profitable. You understand? very important that you get this part of this whole thing. Okay. So, when i go to launch the creatives, okay, if i have a paid audience and i'm going to pepper in organic, i'm going to duplicate the paid funnel and that means i'm now going to have two variations of optins.

Okay? i'm going to have the paid version, i'm going to have the organic version. That way i can individually track each specific audience, their behavior, their show rates, their close rates, the revenue attributed to them, etc. Okay, each set of these audiences is going to have completely different stats, and you're going to want to be able to delineate between the two so you know if you're actually profitable or not and how [ __ ] your paid advertising stats were. So once you get to the point where obviously you're in the middle of promoting everything, what matters most when you get into the promotion cycle is your cost per lead and your show rate.

Okay, your job initially is to just get as many people as you can that are ideally qualified to go and opt into this thing for as cheap as a cost per lead as you can possibly get. That way, your dollars are being spent efficiently. Okay? and in addition to that, you want to make sure that no tech is breaking. There are a lot of different tech components to a webinar promotion cycle.

I'll give you a good one that we just ran into for a client literally this last week. Our zapier account hit the limit for the total amount of zaps that could fire off relative to the plan that we had subscribed to. We caught it 4 hours before the webinar. So, we noticed there was a couple hundred person discrepancy of opt-ins in the crm and that the salespeople were dialing on to help get the show up rates to be improved. And we were like, "what the [ __ ] is going on?" we went into zapier.

It was as simple as needing to upgrade the billing. You got to be attentive to [ __ ] like that. Sometimes zaps break, as an example, or whatever software you're using that's similar to zapier if you're poor and have an alternative. The moral of the story is, and i can't stress this enough, okay? check the tech.

We've had little [ __ ] like a button on mobile not working on the opt-in page that nukes your cost per lead and your overall opt-in rate. Simply put, if a stat looks miserably [ __ ] up, might be a tech issue, right? if your stats look relatively [ __ ] up and can be improved in regards to like considering your comparison to like some other baseline benchmark, you know, like as an example, if an opt-in rate for a webinar is 1%. It's like that's tech issue territory. If an opt-in to a webinar is like 10 to 15%, that opt-in rate just sucks and it can be improved from a cro perspective.

You know, you understand the differences, right? if i see a couple hundred person discrepancy in like tracking or quantity of people in the crm versus what the back end of the funnel says for my stats, tech issue, you understand? it's like check the tech during the promotion cycle. That happens an unbelievably frequent amount from what i've seen. So anyway, i digress.

During the promotion cycle, there's a few things that also are kind of happening at the same time. You got your emails going out, you got your text reminders going out, and you should have your setters dialing on the leads. Okay, this combination of the emails, the texts, and the setters dialing on the leads, that can improve your show rate to a very high level in and of itself. Okay, you should be in a minimum range of like the 20s to maybe even low 30s with just those three variables. You want to juice it even further or at least just solidify the probability that you're in that range.

Factor in the backend selling systems on top of that dialed in confirmation page. The email sequence has value dense emails. The setters aren't just reaching out and saying, "hey, just want to make sure you show up." they're being valueoriented and following the setter best practices that we teach. Fire off the hammer them strategy and get everybody who opts in absolutely [ __ ] blitzed with content prior to that webinar, getting them excited. Okay, this combination ensures you have the highest show rate possible.

From there, you just got to execute a phenomenal webinar. Now, one thing that we do for all of our inner circle members and also for our master internet marketing students and of course our clients, we have this 72page sop called mastering webinars sop. Now, this specific document contains several examples, literal recordings from top converting webinars from our clients and also from some of our inner circle members that have contributed theirs with their statistics. In addition to that, it goes through the outline of what should be covered in the webinar. It goes through risk reversal sections of the webinar to improve your overall conversion rate.

It goes through examples of direct to checkout and call bookings. It has everything that you need to actually execute all steps of what i'm sitting here communicating to you. But more importantly, the actual webinar itself. Obviously, that's the most important part once you get everybody to show up is the webinar. Okay, just to be clear, we always do these live nowadays.

Literally, while i'm sitting here shooting this for you right now, live webinars, they [ __ ] super hard, super op. We find that automated webinars have been nerfed. They suck. They're doing absolutely terrible in direct comparison. And we're talking taking webinars that have converted extremely well trying to automate them, not working in comparison.

I could sit here and throw a whole slew of assumptions at you and opinions about why that's the case, but i just need you to understand in a very matter-of-act way, you're going to want to do it live. You're not going to want to automate these. So, moral of the story, the actual webinar being produced, right? that is the most important part, having dialedin slides, having the right flow, having the right presenter. And if you're somebody who's sitting here in our ideal demographic of people that we can help get richer, i want you to check the links down in the description.

If you're rich trying to get a lot richer, check out the inner circle program. Twice a month, one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, massive sop library. We currently have 33 sops in there available for all our members. In addition to that, we have our quarterly in-person masterminds right here at our facility in good old miami, florida. I don't know if you can see all this behind me.

We've got a 220in screen on the wall, 150 chairs, very comfortable. They're church chairs. We have four branded arcade machines, ping pong table, pool table. We got a get richer fridge. That's right, a fridge that says get richer on top of it and not like a [ __ ] residential fridge, commercial fridge.

Beautiful facility, big flex fest with all the people who are a part of the group here that drive their nice cars up. And then we go over to the penthouse and we have our 2500 foot balcony where we do all our networking for day two of that event. And there's a whole bunch more. You get access to jeremy ai, but i won't sit here and rant your head off about that. Go check out the link down in the description if that's you.

And of course, check out our master internet marketing program. We on an annual basis go back and refresh literally the entire cohort. We redo all seven weeks of the classes. We add the latest information. Things like what i'm talking about right here, but in much more depth.

Same thing. Sops, 3 to 5 hour classes for 7 weeks worth of content, extensive homework libraries, and you can preview week one of that class down in the link in the description below. I'd encourage you check that out if you're interested in either one. Back to the point, you got to execute these webinars extremely well. Okay.

What you need to do, and we've talked about this on this channel before, but i i want to make sure you understand this. Bottleneck analysis is breaking down step by step from the advertising all the way over to the sales process. What happened at each specific key statistic and which one might be contracted? as an example, let's say you get a really good cost per lead. You get a really good show rate, but then you get an absolutely dog [ __ ] conversion rate for either the direct to checkout or for the call booking.

Well, that shows in that particular set of statistics that your webinar sucked ass, okay? and you need to redo the webinar. Let's say you have a really high cost per lead. You have a great show rate, a great conversion rate for the webinar, a great show rate to those calls you book, a great close rate, and a great aov. That means your opt-in page sucks.

That might be indicative of the actual page itself. It could also be indicative of the ads. You would check some of the advertising statistics in that example, too. Things like your link click-through rate, your cpms, your retention in the video ads themselves, things like that. My point is, it's not random when a webinar doesn't work.

Okay? it's a very specific bottleneck. There's some specific statistic within your kpis that is contracted that if you put attention on it and open it up will obviously get a lot more money out the other side. Okay? it's not random.

It's not emotional. It's just a specific contraction point that you must be attentive to, laser focus on, and attack. Okay? so don't act like webinars when they don't work are some like random act of god that made it so it didn't make you money. You [ __ ] it up somewhere in the process or maybe at multiple points in the process, weren't aware of it and never went back and attacked that specific contraction.

Okay, very important that you execute this successfully once the webinar is done and you get to the point where you did it right, whether you did direct to checkout or whether you did your call booking. If you did a call booking one, obviously you still have a few more steps. You have the amount of people that are going to show up for those calls, the amount of people that are going to close, and what those closers on average are cash collecting per deal. Okay, those three stats have to be dialed in if you're doing a call booking. Okay, you got to make sure again, just to reiterate, you have back-end selling systems as soon as somebody books from the webinar.

Should be its own hammer them sequence, should be its own value dense email sequence, should be its own confirmation page. You understand? you can have the setters, same as you did on the front end, reach out to the people who booked the call, congratulate them, answer questions prior to the call and make it so the call has a higher probability to be a sales call rather than an education call, right? those deals should be layup deals. They should have as high of a close rate as upwards of like 40 to 50%.

Okay, 30% is like the lowest that you want to tolerate in that set of statistics. And obviously, a large percentage of these people, assuming they're financially qualified, should be piffing. Okay, if you do the webinar right, they should be piffing, paying foss all day long. Should be raining deals. Moral of the story, after you get to the point where the webinar is actually done, the calls have happened, the deals are closed, as soon as the webinar is over, meaning as soon as the webinar is done, ideally you baited people.

We talk about this inside of the mastering webinars sop, was some kind of bonus for staying until the time of the pitch. Okay, the time of the pitch statistic is extremely important. From the peak show rate to the time of the pitch itself, you want to have about a 80% retention. Okay, that means 80% of the people that were there live at the peak show rate should still be there live during the time of the pitch. And when those people are still there, you want to bait them by saying, "hey, i've got some bonuses that i'm going to send out right after this webinar concludes for the people that stay there with us live." okay, super pro tip.

I'm pulling that out of the mastering webinars sop for free for you here on youtube. Okay, make sure you execute that tip. It helps a lot with retention and people really look forward to those documents. Okay. So, moral of the story is once you get the webinar done, take the recording, throw it onto that replay page that we created in our asset creation phase of the webinar before we even started the promotional cycle and get that replay with an application embedded onto the page or a button right below that replay and get that [ __ ] fired off with the bonuses.

Okay? also, send it to everybody who opted in whether they showed up or not and make as much as you possibly can off the webinar. You want to milk the [ __ ] out of this thing. We have another strategy called the popup event, but i'll withhold that, of course, as long as as well as many other tips that i'm sitting here withholding from you for the people who actively pay us. So again, check out those links down in the description if you want the full sauce.

I hope that you've enjoyed this video. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. Go check out some of my other videos. As i mentioned throughout this video, there are several that go indepth in each individual component of what we just talked about, and i would encourage you go check those out. Thank you for being here.

Go get richer.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Create & Sell High-Ticket Recurring Offers (Full Breakdown)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ2u4giDkvY
CATEGORY: Offers
============================================================

Recurring revenue is awesome. High ticket recurring revenue is even more awesome. I'll tell you that from experience. I am going to show you today in this video how i've successfully charged recurring high ticket for both products and services for several years now since technically 2017. And i'm going to give you all the insights and lessons that i've learned associated with that.

In this video, i'm going to demonstrate to you how you're losing and missing out on a substantial sum of revenue on a month-over-month basis and all of what you need to do to make adjustments to your current offers to be capable of selling high ticket recurring product or services. No more of these little games that you play where you charge a couple thousand bucks and that's your main thing and that's all the revenue that you get. No, no. In today's video, i'm going to show you how the lowest ticket product that i've currently got is $5,000 transactionally and how the current highest ticket education company product we have is $10,000 a month. We also have a 3.4 to 3.7% churn annualized for that high ticket recurring product.

I've talked recently in a video about the fulfillment best practices associated with that. But again, in today's video, i'm going to encapsulate all of the lessons of actually selling marketing and a few fulfillment lessons as well around high ticket recurring products or services. Welcome into the channel if you're new. My name's jeremy haynes. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months.

Whether it's the first million a month or the next million month, we got you on the top lessons from people who have been there, done that, that we hand down to you here on youtube. We don't make any income claims, though. You're likely an idiot who has zero potential to turn money into any more money. So, simply put, these are just lessons that we're handing down to you. There is a 99.99% chance that you don't even crack 10 million a year.

That's right. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, the good old government of the united states claims that you have a.1% probability of ever cracking 10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability to get to a million a month or the even smaller probability compared to that to hit a couple million a month. And let's be honest, you probably think you're some special snowflake, but you're probably not. You're probably a part of that 99.99 and even smaller percentile that'll never ever hit these kinds of numbers. So, kick back, enjoy the lessons, and i'm sure there'll be something that you can apply to help your business grow.

But again, no income claims or earning potential. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you here. Without further ado, let's dive in. So, when you look at recurring high ticket, this is very important to understand, okay?

it's a 30-day recurring charge, okay? and the number one lesson associated with this that you have to think with in the offer stack itself is very obvious. It is the power of you generating ongoing results. Okay, the ongoing results are one of the most important things in almost all instances. That means that you have to have fresh slashnew material or whatever it is that you're doing factored into whatever it is that you're selling.

Let's look at something simple like a nice car. You know, i have four nice cars currently. I have a rolls-royce ghost that i spend about 4k a month on. I have a mclaren 750s spider that i spend about 5k and some change a month on. I have a 911 turbo s cabriolet, an incredible car that i threw some hres on.

We call it blueberry. That specific car, honestly, i'm not actually sure how much that specific car costs me each month. Maybe 3k. And then i have a porsche cayenne turbo gt, the highest spec cayenne that they've got, that race car suv. Absolute sleeper of a daily mobile.

My fiance drives that car. And again, i couldn't tell you how much that one costs, but arguably cheaper than the other three. Here's my point. In that example, i'm technically paying recurring high ticket, a few thousand bucks a month, ranging from like two to fiveishk a month specifically because i'm getting the ability to consistently use the product every month. People do this with products from guys like alex becker with software with highros, right?

give or take how much revenue you're specifically running through there that they're tracking for you dictates how much you have to spend. We know clients that make a few million bucks a month that are spending thousands of dollars a month just to have their revenue tracked because give or take how much revenue you track with them dictates how much you are going to have to pay. Okay. There's obviously guys like myself, jeremy's inner circle, an incredible product. Twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, huge course vault, unlimited access to jeremy ai quarterly.

That means four times a year we do masterminds here in person in good old miami, florida. There's a very active group chat. Dozens and dozens of sops, financial models, you name it. And it's very easy for people to justify staying a part of the group, not only because there's new material, fresh material, but because we are great at our job of helping people get ongoing results. They come in, they get a result.

Most of the time the people who join in that are already doing a couple hundred grand a month, which is most people, it's very easy to teach them literally one to three things that can make back the entire cost of the year for them to stay a part of the group. But we don't just stop there. We consistently try to get them results on an ongoing month- over-month basis. It's a number one lesson you have to understand if you actually want to get to the point where you can charge high ticket. You have to look at it from one of two perspectives.

Okay? it's either ongoing usage slash access. Think of it like your rent, right? or your mortgage that you pay. You pay month in and month out to maintain the usage, to maintain the access.

When you go use an airbnb or a hotel comparatively, you typically pay a little bit more than what you'd pay for your rent or for your mortgage because you're using it for a shorter duration of time. So, usually when you're using it over a longer period of time, you get a deal cut to you. Again, like in the instance of rent or your mortgage has to be something of value. Think about that. That's where somebody lives.

It's literally their shelter. It's the roof over their head. Think about how much you as a rich guy spend on food on a month-over-month basis. There are certain restaurants that we and my staff frequent literally four to five days out of the week. There's a one-star michelin restaurant right up the road from our office here in the design district in miami, florida.

It's called coat. C o t e. It's a onestar michelin steakhouse, korean steakhouse at that very good restaurant. They have a nice little lunch box that's about $35. Comes with steak, rice, a little egg yolk, some wasabi, and some kind of brown sauce.

It's an incredible dish. We pay coat literally low thousands of dollars a month every month just so four to five men four to five days out of the week every day for lunch can have that little coat, steak, and rice combo. It's incredible. But again, it's the ongoing usage. It's the fact that yes, it's technically transactional, but again, they could easily sell us an ongoing subscription for a certain amount of that, and we'd happily pay it, especially given how often we use it.

Here's my point. You right now, you're charging transactional high ticket because that's all you're good at doing. You're good at getting people one result or one main result, and at best, you're good at doing it over a broad duration of time. I, on the other hand, when i'm charging somebody for access to jeremy's inner circle at mid thousands of dollars a month, have to be good at getting them a result within a 30-day period of time on an every 30-day recurring basis for the justification for them to be in there. You understand the difference?

the main thing that you have to optimize around is the speed to you producing the result. That's what you suck at right now. That is why you only charge what you charge. You also likely don't track how much you're actually making people or what value they actually extract from it and how much they'd be willing to pay or how they'd be willing to pay period on an ongoing basis. Just to be really clear with you so you understand this plain and simple, you want to charge somebody every 30 days, you have to exceed the value of what they paid.

Whether it be a monetary return that they generated from it or whether it be something like the value of rent or the value of tracking your revenue which technically like in the highross use case is still justified as making money or in the case of the cars it's like i'm not spending upwards of however much i'm spending per month low tens of thousands of dollars with insurance factored in just for the [ __ ] of it. It's like i have a lot of fun when i drive those cars but i'm also buying the status of it on an ongoing basis. You understand? somebody on twitter the other day, i'd posted this beautiful black ceramic bubble watson one of 30 asia edition rose gold watch. And somebody who's in poverty was like, >> i don't understand why people buy those watches.

It doesn't make any sense to me. It's an ugly watch. >> and i told him point blank why people buy watches like these. I said, "buddy, i'm buying status. I'm rewarding myself for accomplishment, but most importantly, i'm signaling to other people who i want to talk to, which happens quite frequently where i live down here in good old miami, florida, who immediately recognize the level that we're both playing at and can spark a conversation at a much higher level.

It's very easy to justify, but in addition to that, it's value retention. It's like a frozen bank account. Again, here's my point. Whatever you are going to charge, you have to be able with before the next charge comes, you have to be able to exceed the value of what that counterparty is getting from it. Whether it be status, a financial return, clarity, whatever it is, okay?

you have to exceed it within the 30 days. So therefore, you have to track what that metric actually is. You have to track what that specific thing is. As soon as you know that, you're going to have a good time and you can start to optimize around the speed to result. Now, obviously, what you get to charge is relative to the level of result that you can produce.

Let me tell you a quick story about jeremy's inner circle. When i very first started it back in 2019, it only cost 1,500 bucks a month. That's cuz i had no idea what i could actually do for people. The income qualification was far lower back then. I think back then, you only had to make a measly 20k a month to be a part of the group.

Those people specifically who still today who are with us that pay that 1,500 bucks a month, we're great at our job. But because those people made less when they joined into the group, it was also harder to help them make more sooner. So the ability for me to charge more wasn't really justified. Then we started to attract a higher quality person. How easy?

i just started talking about higher level lessons on the front end in places like this on youtube and on all my other social channels and my ads. And as a result, we attracted a higher quality person. Well, we cranked the price of that product as time went on from 1,500 bucks to 2k a month, from 2k to 3k, from 3k to 4k, from 4 to 5. When we got to five, i thought to myself, "wow, this is really impressive." the minimum income qualification to join in when we were at 5k a month was $100,000 a month. And at that $100,000 a month, it became far easier to help those people get a whole lot richer.

And as a matter of fact, when we were around the 5k a month mark, we barely got people that were around 100k a month. We had some aspirational guys where their dream and their goal was to be a part of it. And so, they try their hardest to get to 100k a month, but we very, very rarely even let those guys in. We have guys all the time that are already at a good mid couple hundredk a month. We have guys join in that are already at more than a million a month that are trying to tack on that next million a month to what they do.

And again, the outcome of that product is in no way, shape, or form an income claim or a guarantee that we can do these things. But these people who buy it, they know that the lessons that we share in there can at least increase their odds of trying to make these things possible for themselves a little bit more than what they are without the information that we can otherwise provide. And it's all we do in that product. We just give people resources. We give them access to other people who are doing it.

We give them the lessons in a far more detailed way with far more ways to consume those lessons than what we would ever do here for free on youtube. As an example, now when we got to 5k a month, it actually became very problematic. The types of people that would join in were already so rich that when they would apply the lessons that we teach, they'd get so much richer so much faster than people who historically joined in that were already making less. And so we had to implement more friction. We added an annual agreement where you have to be in there for at least a year, otherwise we won't let you in.

We already had the minimum income qualification, but we started to be even more strict, as i mentioned, not allowing the people who are closer to the bottom of that restriction to join in. We had to start denying more people, even if they were technically the right people, because we'd have upwards of 10 to 30 people a month joining into it at those levels. We then cranked it to 6k a month. Same exact problem at 6k a month, except the problem got exacerbated again. Richer people joined in.

The people who didn't have an issue with the price, who recognized that the price of that product was a signal of what the value of the product was. Think about it from the perspective of, man, if this guy's charging that amount, what's he capable of doing? how's he so confidently going to be able to charge that? i can't imagine the level of result i'm going to be able to produce or what i could produce with the information i get access to in there if that guy's charging that. When we charged 6k a month, i was only able to charge 6k a month for about 60 days.

The first month of charging 6k a month, we had about 15 people join in. The second month of charging 6k a month, we had a little over 21 people join in. Far too much. We then cranked it from 6k a month to 10k a month. We did our biggest jump yet.

And we still had people join in at 10k a month. Here's the point i'm trying to make, and this is really important that you understand this. As time went on, we became more certain in our capacity to produce people results. As time went on, the network effect started to kick in. Whereas as the richer people joined in and were getting great results with it on an ongoing basis, they'd naturally tell all their friends who would ask, they'd say, "yeah, dude.

No, this guy's not [ __ ] around at all." like, "this is an awesome thing to be a part of. It's a special thing." and i want to be very clear in saying it's definitely worth more than what we charge for it right now. And we know that. People who buy it know that. The people who don't know that are the ones who are on the fence.

And rightfully so. I mean, 10k a month's an excessive amount of money. Again, i could have my mclaren and my rolls-royce with a little bit of insurance factored in for technically the same amount. And that's what people will compare it to. And that's my point.

I want to be really clear when i say this, okay? we are great at that specific job of getting people results on an ongoing basis. Most people who i know as an example of that, people in that same program when they first consider how could i start doing something similar to what jeremy's done with his jeremy's inner circle product, that's the very first thing you have to answer is how much result am i getting people right now? and what is fair to charge people? that's the most important word that you have to think with when you're in the consideration phase of what your high ticket product or service could be that you're going to charge that recurring high ticket amount for.

Has to be something that's fair that both parties look at and say, "yeah, it's a risk, but it's fair relative to whatever result or outcome i'm going to produce on an ongoing basis." you understand? that's the most important part, fair. And you generally start lower. That's why i am transparent with you right now as i sit here and tell you about our jeremy's inner circle pricing journey. I tell you that to reveal to you that we started smaller and as the results got bigger and bigger and bigger.

As our systems got better and better and better, as our overall result grew and our quality and value of member grew that other people got the opportunity to network with. Naturally, our certainty lifted and certainties reflected in your pricing. You're typically going to start smaller and you're going to work your way up. Here's the good news, though. You have an opportunity here to change the course of your business forever.

Imagine waking up on an ongoing basis every month and instead of starting at zero and having to climb that transactional ladder, you just wake up and you say, "well, here's our churn rate. This is how many people out of our recurring revenue that we're going to be able to retain and successfully charge this month. Realistically, long as nothing goes wrong from that perspective and our delivery stays dialed in, we wake up to start the month with whatever amount it is. Could be a mid-range couple hundred grand. You might obviously start lower than that and just tens of thousands of dollars that you get to start with.

What if that's what you're spending on ad spend right now and you successfully liquidate your ad spend just with the recurring high ticket people you can start this whole system with. It's a milestone system, right? 200 people at 5k a month is a million dollars a month just to put it in perspective. You understand? this is a game changer.

So, back to my point. To get the ability to charge the recurring high ticket amount that you likely want to charge, it has to be fair. It's likely going to be smaller when you first get started because you have to dial in a system and a process that's going to get people results on an ongoing 30-day basis. The results that they get have to exceed whatever it is that they're going to pay. And as time goes on, you can incrementally move that pricing up because again, pricing is reflected with the certainty of your system for producing those ongoing results has to be fair.

Okay? you have to have something that ideally incorporates the stack, the offer, like whatever it is that you actually are going to sell to somebody. It's very simple to determine what that actually is. It may be what you're selling now just with ongoing updates that you're incentivized to create on an ongoing 30-day basis. Instead of you just having whatever it is that you have now that people buy that they just get access to and like that's it.

That's all they get. You might finally change that to be updating it on a more frequent basis. Whatever system that you sell to somebody, whenever your offer stack ends up being, just think of it in that context. It's really simple to determine what the offer stack is when you just simply say, "what can i do to provide ongoing value that exceeds the amount somebody's going to pay?" okay, so for us, as an example, in our jeremy's inner circle stack, one of my favorite things that we've recently incorporated that helps the most is jeremy ai. So, we have without exaggeration, every single message i've been able to export successfully from telegram, imessage, social platforms, every single call recording that i've got when it comes to client calls, consulting calls, one-on-one calls, okay?

every training video, every video like this, every sop i've ever written, right? literally every single thing i've ever documented, which by the way, right now why i sit here and film this is more than like 13 million words from me that that thing is trained on. Voice notes, whatever it is. And guess what? every day that i document something, which is literally every day, by the way, and that's not an exaggeration.

Every day i film something. Every day i document something. Every day i do calls, every day i send messages. Every day we have more training material that we export at the end of the day, upload into it, and it's one day behind real jeremy. People can message in real time.

Well, i'm sitting here doing this right now. They can message in real time. And that's what we talked about in that fulfillment video. I'd really encourage you to go watch that that fulfillment video. I talked about digital jeremy and i talked about ai jeremy is a great example of something that people have real-time access to.

It helps them get results faster. Okay. And then we have a few different things that we incorporate in our stack. Sops. Sops are incredible to read through.

They're step by step in order to implement a specific strategy or set of tactics we have to get results. But they're also an incredible asset to feed into an llm that that specific member prefers to use. Okay? whether it be for their staff, whether it be for them, or whether it be for an llm, it's another way to consume the same information. They obviously have access to real jeremy when they pay for the full jeremy center circle.

They can message me. They can do one-on-one calls with me. They can talk to me, okay? and i will answer their question. They have a group chat, extremely active, full of all these other people that are like them, that are rich, trying to get a fuckload richer.

And they have a place where they can ask questions, where people will actually engage with them and give them additional perspective beyond just myself. We have a huge training library. Here's the point i'm trying to make. Each one of these things, and there's several more that i could sit here and name, they're all different forms of consumables. And all these things, whether it's jeremy ai, whether it's real jeremy, whether it's the course vault, whether it's the community, all these are fresh and new on an ongoing basis.

We update the course vault every week with a new weekly group call. Jeremy ai gets updated literally every day. You can talk to real jeremy every day. There's different things inside of the group chat every day. Okay?

there's not an everyday sop to be clear, but again, there's sops typically like once or twice a month that we drop as well. These things as an example of the offer stack when i say like this whole fresh and new thing. These are variables that are important for you to understand because you can't just sell some kind of like oneandone system unless it's an access system. Okay? it's like in the example of highros or your rent or a car technically it's the same thing.

Nothing needs to be new. Nothing needs to change. Nothing has to evolve with it. It's it just has to do its job and provide the ongoing value. From my reflection of what most of you sitting here are more probable to sell recurring high ticket.

It's less probable to be something like rent. It's less probable to be something like a car. It's less probable to just be like some kind of ongoing thing that that just works for them. In most instances, what most of you are going to sit here and sell to people that's some kind of recurring high ticket product or service. It's going to be something that requires you to contribute to it every month to help with that process of getting them that ongoing result on a monthly basis.

Okay? there's so many more lessons that i could sit here and talk to you about and i do, but i do it inside of the paid programs that we have like jeremy's inner circle and like my master marketing program which there's links for down in the description of this video. I hope that this inspires you because when i way back in the day, you know, years ago determined that this was the best path forward. Obviously, from a financial perspective, it's [ __ ] sweet. Okay, i love it.

But what i also love is the level of result that we're able to provide to people when they take the commitment far more seriously. And naturally, people will take the commitment far more seriously when they spend more on it. And they spend more on it on an ongoing basis. Okay? as somebody who's had an education company for almost a decade down, okay, i've had my education company since 2017.

It's almost 2026 at the time i filmed this video. So about 9 years over that duration of time i remember when i used to only charge a couple hundred bucks for like some kind of course or something that people could get access to. Only half the people would log in. I've sold books like i have a book most of y'all don't even know this called what i wish i knew getting started. It's perfect for more of an entrylevel person.

I give it out for free. You can go to my instagram jeremy and it's in that little free courses highlight. You can see it in there if you want to opt in and get a digital version of you can also get it on kindle on amazon if you want. But anyway, that book specifically, again, it's like how many people actually read the [ __ ] book after they get the book? not a lot, cuz a lot of people buy books and they just don't take it seriously because they spent so little on.

I remember when i had initially taken the leap to enhance that product that we previously charged a couple hundred bucks for, add a tremendous amount to it, redo it, add more to it. We started charging 5k for that. 100% of people logged in when it was 5k. We saw the total consumption go up dramatically as a result of charging 5k. And here's what's most important to understand about that.

That got people a fuckload more results, which is the whole point of selling the product. Selling a product, especially in an education company, is not some [ __ ] cash grab. You know, it's an opportunity to have somebody transact in order to get some kind of outcome or result or increase the odds that they can speed up their process to getting a specific result and outcome. So, as a result of charging more, we recognized we're far more probable to get people results on an ongoing basis. Then when we started charging initially, like i said, that 1,500 bucks a month, that came out to 18k a year.

Just to put that in perspective, 1,500 time 12, the level of result, the involvement, the consumption dramatically higher again compared to the 5k transactional amount. And then you compare that several years later to people now paying 10k a month. The speed, this is the most impressive thing that i've noticed compared to anything else. The level of seriousness that somebody has coming into that product is so much more extreme. Like they come in and they immediately consume.

They immediately engage. They immediately ask questions. They immediately say like, "what's the plan? what should i do first?" and then more importantly than anything else, they put it into action so much faster than anybody else. And as a result of that, they get results faster.

And then guess what? it doesn't stop there because they get charged again next month. And they repeat that same process again and again and again. So our ability in this specific context with the product i'm giving you an example of for me personally with our education company. We get better results through time.

We get better members through time. They stay for longer durations of time because they get so much more results over a broader duration of time. The value of those members is literally far greater than somebody who makes far less and so their network is far stronger. And so therefore the referral model is also far stronger when we've simply put charged more money on an ongoing basis for some kind of recurring high ticket product. The implications of doing this almost feel like it crosses into a territory where it's unethical to charge less or to not structure whatever it is that you're selling high ticket in a non-recurring way where it's just transactional.

I deeply believe in in the most like sincere way i can say it to you that i think you're actually doing a big disservice to people by only charging them a onetime transactional amount. I don't want to make it something where you say, "okay, people who are impoverished or people who don't have a probability to easily afford it should be stretched thin with something that you're otherwise just charging and not getting great results for and now going to try to take it to a recurring high ticket product." that's not the context i'm saying. I'm trying to let you know it's it's likely going to be a difference in audience that you're selling to now as it's been for me. Like the people who were very first a part of jeremy's inner circle are not the people that are a part of jeremy's inner circle today. And that's what's really important to understand.

There's there's an adaption in who you're likely going to sell to. And that adaption is going to require you to update your messaging. It's going to require you to increase your your ability to deliver and speed up the process to delivery. It's it's going to demand you to evolve, which is an incredible thing because every single evolution that we've had to make to be able to successfully sell to this type of person that we currently sell to successfully on an ongoing basis with 3.4 4 to 3.7% annualized churn is solely because we have made those necessary adaptions as time has gone on. It's made our business exponentially better than it ever was prior.

And that challenge that you will be faced with, the set of challenges that you will be faced with are going to benefit you, your company, your customers forever in a very positive way. So, i would encourage you to take on the challenge. It's not going to be easy. It's not just going to be a flick of a switch and you just start charging more money overnight. Um you're really going to need to take this serious and you're really going to need to embrace everything along the way that's going to be required of you to do it successfully.

But when you do it successfully, there's a far better you on the other side of it. I assure you of of that. And there's obviously a far richer version of you on the other side of it as well. And remember, the whole point of getting richer is you're able to materialize a better world for yourself, others, and the people that you help far sooner than you would compared to having less resources. So take on the challenge.

Give it a shot. See what you can do. And of course, if you want the ongoing help, once you're handheld through this, you want the lessons that of course we would never share for free here on youtube, check out the links down in the description for one of our paid products at the least. Subscribe to the channel, check out some of my other videos, and go get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Create A Killer Video Sales Letter In 2026 (VSL)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL1FIHwg8PE
CATEGORY: Funnels - VSL
============================================================

2026 vssl pro tips. There are a few new ones. We have an incredible video on this channel dedicated to vssl creation mastery. Definitely check that out. In this particular video, i'm going to give you what's been working best right now that all our clients, inner circle members, and students are using to maximize vssl play rates, vssl engagement rates, which means the average amount of time somebody's actually going to consume it.

And of course, little pro tips like, do you withhold a button or not until a certain time in the pitch? all that will be covered in today's video. Welcome in to the channel if you're new. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month around here.

All we do is hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that. So, you're in the right place if that's what you're looking for. However, there are no earnings claims. There is no income potential in watching a youtube video, buddy. All this is is me just handing down some lessons from people that have been there, done that.

If you have any expectation of any kind of earnings from watching this video, you can get [ __ ] because there is a 0.1% probability according to the us bureau of labor statistics that you're going to hit $10 million a year. Let alone the even smaller probability than that you would ever hit million-doll months. And the even smaller probability than that you would ever do a couple million dollar a month. And you're no special snowflake. You have a high probability to be within those categories of people who are not going to do it.

So again, these are just lessons. I'm just trying to hand down some stuff to you to help you out. And anyway, welcome back to the channel. If you're already a subscriber, it's a pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's dive in.

So, the first thing i want to talk about is structure. One thing that has specifically been proven for structure is a little pro tip where we call the summary section. So ideally in the first 60 to 90 seconds, if you treated that period of time like it needed to be everything that's covered throughout the entire vssl but said in just this tiny little window right here, that's what you would do in the first 60 to 90 seconds. Most people open up their vssls with stuff that are either considered hooks or some people just dip right into it. Um, in certain instances, like if you guys check out my link down in the description for my jeremy's inner circle program, there's a vssl on that page currently that says the price, like literally just straight away, and then i jump into everything that people want to know in that first 60 to 90 seconds.

As an example of this, it is an incredible pro tip. It works in a very effective way because here's how human beings actually behave, which some of you get quite frustrated by, but it's the reality of the situation. When people go to watch anything on your page, what they're looking for is their own efficiency and energy conservation. They want to be able to get to the point of concluding whether it's for them or not and whether they want to take an action or not in as little time invested as possible. They don't give a [ __ ] about you at all.

They don't care about watching your whole video like you care about them watching it. It's the exact opposite. They're competing incentives. What they actually care about, just to be clear, is efficiency and energy conservation. That means that if you can effectively articulate yourself, kind of like the tweet version of what you otherwise might say in an expanded newsletter, you want to be able to say everything that needs to be said in the first 60 to 90 seconds of the video.

And then from there, you can expand on each one of those points for the rest of your vssl. It's an incredible pro tip and it works highly effectively. One other thing that you want to do when you look at your vssl, and this is still an incredible tip, are the little chapters that you can add. So, in all video players nowadays, you have the opportunity to add those little options. Kind of like here on this very youtube video where it says here's what's covered here, here, here, here, here.

That way when someone wants to skip around, they can just hover their mouse or hover their finger and scrub to that specific section because again, nobody actually wants to watch it in its entirety like you may want them to, there's a much higher quantity of people who are going to want to go through that information in a way that they prefer to go through it through. As an example, some of you may have already skipped this very section and been on to the next section, but you wouldn't even hear me say this. So, nonetheless, a great example of it. Okay, so video chaptering is technically what this one's called. And video chaptering is a phenomenal tip in order to help with retention, in order to help with consumption, because again, when someone's done consuming whatever it is that you're saying, they're just going to move on to the next thing anyway.

Okay, another incredible pro tip. So, do you withhold the button? this has been an ongoing battle amongst all marketers for a long time. Meaning, do you want to be in a position where that button to apply or to do whatever the action is shows up as soon as the person hits the page or should there be a delay on this until a certain threshold of the vssl? some of you also from the same concept of withholding the button, should you show the video playar, meaning do you want to actually reveal the opportunity for somebody to scrub through the video at the video chaptering?

and i will say in certain instances both of these options can make sense not to do. So if you want to argue both sides, which i will for you, so you can make a decision based on what may work best for you. Here's how most people make the decision. When you consider withholding a button, it's because the people that are coming through your call funnel that has a vssl on that page where they're applying or scheduling, a lot of people just aren't watching it. And so you start to grow frustrated and you think to yourself, before i make any other change, i'm just going to make the one single change of waiting for my vssl apply button to show up on the page.

So you put a time delay on it. And some of you, you test for a minute or 2 minutes. Others have very long vssls and they won't even have the button show up until like 20 or 30 minutes of being onto the page. Now, what really determines this decision is your bank account. So, if you have the financial means to dramatically inflate your cost per call in the short term while you start to accumulate new data onto that pixel to help the pixel go after more people who are probable to actually watch and then take the action, then you could technically pull that action off.

Sometimes you see immediate benefit from doing it. A lot of the times you don't. A lot of the times when you initially take that action, you're going to dramatically reduce the quantity of people that are scheduling. You're going to dramatically inflate your cost per qualified call. In addition to that, and this is also something really important to consider, you are also going to limit the quantity of people converting that get sent back to that pixel.

That becomes problematic because then you start to break pixel conditioning best practices. One thing that really matters right now in 2026 is getting out of learning mode. Historically, this has mattered and then in other periods of history, it hasn't mattered at all to have to exit learning phase. We have campaigns that are in learning limited that still absolutely rip. But what we see time and time again right now is exiting that learning phase makes a huge difference to the performance of a campaign.

So if you don't get enough data back and there really is no static answer. That's always the question that comes up is oh should i like 50 in a week used to be the static answer that was thrown around. I mean sure that may do it but it could be like five people is all that's needed. You know it's a very like dynamic answer nowadays. I've seen it to where it's required to have hundreds of people unfortunately although rare.

But anyway, point i'm trying to make, you have to get enough data back to exit learning phase to really have a lot better performance. Now, if you can get that data back because you're operating at a large enough scale to be able to do so, that's [ __ ] awesome, right? what that's going to enable you to do, and this is really important you understand this, it's going to enable you to have a lot of the right people who are actively consuming a lot of the vssl and then applying, which likely increases intent dramatically. Imagine following pixel conditioning best practices, but you do so in a way that improves the intent of the leads cuz you're only sending back high intent leads to that pixel results column in the first place. By the way, if you want an entire video dedicated just to pixel conditioning best practices, we have one on this channel, of course, cuz we got your back.

Go check that video out after this one cuz i still got a few more tips to throw your way. Okay, back to my point. Withholding the button can be beneficial if you can endure that process. Okay, it's not necessary. It's also contingent on your sales team skills.

So, if your sales team sucks ass and they are requiring you to make sure people watch content prior to showing up, you're going to have to do that. You may even switch funnels to something like a webinar or some type of content first ad strategy that we teach. There's all kinds of alternatives, but if you're going to run a bsl call funnel, your salespeople, if they require somebody to have watched content prior to talking to them, that could also justify withholding the application button. Something to consider. Now, if you've got a set of [ __ ] dogs in that sales team, they don't give a [ __ ] if people watch the full video.

They're going to nurture them and be able to close them regardless, then by all means, i don't think that withholding the button needs to happen or makes a lot of sense. Um, in addition to that, the other thing that you could argue here for why it wouldn't make any sense to withhold the apply button is because you are going to have a lower quantity of people that come in and you might have a sales team that is currently demanding of you to fluff their calendars up with as much [ __ ] as you can, even if they're not the most qualified people. So, there's all kinds of little things that can make this decision and whichever one feels most appropriate for you, i would lean into. Now, to be clear, showing the video play is a whole different argument. So, when you actually look at a video itself and you have that little tiny bar at the bottom that shows how far along a person is in the video and obviously would give people the opportunity to scrub through the video if it was available and was visible.

That's another argument that a lot of people make, doing or not doing. Now, for this one, it's more majority of people are showing the play bar and they're doing the video chaptering thing and seeing a lot of benefit in that. However, here's a really easy answer. If you're going to withhold the apply now button, you might as well also withhold the play bar because it's not going to make much sense if somebody scrubs through the entire video in a shorter duration of time and feels ready to take action and then there's nothing to take action on because the time threshold to show the button didn't pass yet. Something to consider.

That's really the only thing that kind of makes that decision. You would think that withholding the play bar may be beneficial even if you have the button visible, but believe it or not, that would actually lower the intent because as soon as somebody gets annoyed and is just like, "oh, i, you know, feel like i already understood this part. I want to skip along." you're forcing them to watch through it anyway. So, you attract usually a lower quality person when you do that kind of stuff to people, which is also something very important to consider. Now, let's talk about maximizing your play rate, which is the amount of people that hit the page and actually press play.

Okay, one of the most important things that we learned time and time again inside of 2025 and through this first part of 2026 is video thumbnails still absolutely rip. We like wistia, we like vidalytics for this. There's not a lot of other players that are actively being used. We stay away from youtube. We stay away from vimeo.

We stay away from alternatives. We just again, wistia and vidalytics are the two top dogs. Um, video thumbnails are a great engaging way to be able to demonstrate a specific point in the video that somebody may care about. As an example, if you go to any one of my pages, right? like, let's use the example.

You click on the link down in the description for jeremy's inner circle where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls, our weekly group calls, our quarterly inerson masterminds, our very active group chat, a ton of video trainings, a lot of access to very highlevel people who can also help beyond just myself, the ability to dm me, unlimited access to jeremy ai. There's a lot of great rich people trying to get richer in that group, and we'd love to welcome you in if you're a good fit. But if you click the link down in the description for that particular page, what you'll see is my video thumbnail demonstrates what specifically people are most probable to care about when they hit the page. What would they want to know? and as a result of that, it invites them in to watch the video.

And you'll also notice if you click the link to go to that page, we isolate the assets on the page to where there's a high probability somebody to get the information they want knows they need to watch the video to get it. This is very important that you understand this. If you put too much information on the page, again, people bias towards their energy conservation and efficiency. They're rather just going to scroll the page, determine whether it was for them or not, and then leave or take the action. So, you're actually going to negate people from watching the vssl if you put too much information on the page.

We still to this day follow headline, vssl, and application embedded right onto the page or the button when we are running vssl call funnels like this. Okay? and even if you're running just a vssl in general, this may still apply. If you want more people to watch the video, put less things on the page and make the focal point of the page the video itself for the clear way to get the information the person's looking for. Because at the end of the day, that's what the vssl is.

It's a curated presentation where you've organized information in a particular flow with call to actions and strategic information to help validate your claims and provide certainty to people watching it. So therefore, if you want people to watch it, again, there has to be an incentive to do so. It's a high effort thing to do if you think about it. So, as a result of that, that bsl, that video thumbnail that shows there has to be something that people actually give a [ __ ] about. That little couple seconds you get, whether it be 5 seconds or 10 seconds.

Again, ideally, pick a section of the video or just make a whole separate little video thumbnail for it by itself that shows that information that people care about. If you are going to use an image for the thumbnail instead, and this could be justified due to page speed optimization, video thumbnail will slow the page speed down a little bit. So, if you do use an image, it's the same kind of concept. It should be something that invites people to watch the video by demonstrating what that video covers. And what the video covers that you flex should be stuff that the users actually give a [ __ ] about.

Something very important to consider. Now, when you're looking to get the actual engagement rate of the video up, there's a bunch of pro tips with this one. Keep in mind, engagement rate represents how much on average is somebody consuming of what's available in the vssl. So, as an example, if it's a 10-minute vssl and somebody watches 3 minutes of it on average, no matter which 3 minutes it is, you'd average a 30% engagement rate in that example. If somebody watched 9 minutes of your 10-minute vssl, that would represent a 90% engagement rate.

Just for clarity in this statistic, the higher the engagement rate, typically the higher the intent of the leads, but believe it or not, and this might be a little bit contradicting to a degree. When you have a high play rate and you have a really high engagement rate, believe it or not, the high play rate represents a good thing, but the high engagement rate can represent a bad thing. It means that people are either super hooked on what you're saying, which would be the good side of things, and they really want to know all of what you're talking about. Or it could mean that they are highly interested, but are having a hard time understanding what you can actually do for them and how it works. And so, as a result of that, they have to watch more of the video.

And i know that kind of sounds counterintuitive because technically you'd think, i want the highest engagement rate possible. But again, just to be clear, if you are highly effective at articulating yourself in ways that prompt action and make people feel the certainty that you want them to feel to take that action in a way where they're also qualified, you can get your point across in fewer words and still have that effectiveness that you're looking for. That's something very important to consider. Obviously, when it comes to engagement rate in the day and age that we're in, typically a nice edited video goes far. You can get away with jump cuts and just captions, no doubt.

But if you edit it kind of like how you see my youtube videos edited, where there's some visual edits that are factored in in addition to captions and jump cuts, there's music occasionally or sound effects or little like moments where there's memes. Those kind of things can help with retention because and let's be honest, this day and age, people's brains are fried for the most part with the amount of things that they can pay attention to in a day. So to be able to hold their attention for the average length of your vssl, you really got to go far nowadays to do it well. And it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Again, use my youtube videos as an example if you want to hand them off to your editors and also just go look at some of my vssls that i've done on my pages that you can find examples of down in the description of this very video.

One other very important thing to consider with the engagement rate, and a lot of people really mess this up, it's the basics of just talking and communication. Your tonality, the words you say, all the messaging feeling congruent from the ad that got them there or the organic video that got them there. The congruency, the messaging, tonality, just authority that you communicate with, storyline of the whole vssl. Like there's obviously all kinds of pro tips like this, but we save all those kinds of pro tips for my paid programs. I will be fair in saying though, there's an incredible free video on this channel.

I mentioned it towards the very beginning. It's our vssl mastery video where we cover part of a very long thorough sop that we give to our inner circle members and master internet marketing students. If you want the real sauce, of course, check out the links down in the description and take action on buying from us. Okay, i'm going to close it out with this for you because this is also a very important consideration, which is what should the length be nowadays? length is very important.

Pause. I'll tell you this though, and this is something very important to consider. We've seen as short as 2 to 5 minutes absolutely rip with rich people specifically. Okay? the shorter the vssl and the more direct you are and the more concentrated information you can get off in a short duration of time, the better offer you usually are with a richer demographic.

We've seen vssls, and this might seem audacious, i know, that are upwards of an hour long that are going towards the general public comparatively, okay? like we have a client right now, he uses a literal podcast, like unedited, just intro and all like rough cuts. The general public responds really well to longer content. The general public generally responds really well if you're going to withhold a button because you're having quality issues. Rich people comparatively, this really does determine this decision.

They prefer shorter vssls. And if you're going to do a longer vssl and it's for rich people, do the summary tip that i taught you at the very beginning of this video where you summarize everything in 60 to 90 seconds and then you elaborate further on it through the remaining part of the video. That way, it's efficient for them and they can make the decision at any point they feel certain enough to do so. Again, i know 10 minutes to an hour long is a super wide range. And you might even be asking yourself, well, what's like the true average of that right now?

what would that equate to? and i'll tell you, it's all over the place currently. Generally, it falls somewhere between about 10 and 20 minutes. And the styles have also changed a bit. There's a few people now who do a style where they have like a google doc or some kind of like slide deck on the left and then they are like the talking head on the right hand side of the screen and they're like looking over and kind of reading the google doc.

That's one style that's worked well. Obviously, like classic talking head content like how you see me here. This has also worked well for a long time and it still is very effective. Another incredible way to do vssls if you're a little more shy and don't necessarily want to be on camera is just slides, you know, and essentially just a screen recording with a voice over. This combo is tried and true and also works really well.

Uh i can't stress this enough. There's not really one or the other that's currently working best. It's honestly a pretty even mix between the three of these. Again, there's not necessarily one that dominates the other. In either scenario, whether it's any one of these particular styles, 10 to 20 minutes is usually the norm.

Are there people who go well beyond that? yeah. Are there minorities that do things like the podcast example that i provided to you? yeah. But again, it's all over the place.

So, you can test all kinds of stuff. And i think the point i'm trying to make here is it's all kinds of things that work and then you can get away with testing all kinds of different things to see some success yourself. Vssls are still [ __ ] awesome. Whether it's on a low ticket to high ticket page, whether it's the focal point of the page in a call funnel, uh whether it's something that you're looking to use on the back end of something and you're trying to get people to take an action later on, vssls are one of the most important skill sets that you can master in this day and age and especially in 2026 onward. We have incredibly in-depth sops.

I'll give you a little preview so you can check it out, but we're going to blur it out. I'm just trying to show you the length of it so you can really see it in its entirety. This mastering vssl's sop has examples of vssls for affluent demographics for general populations, has slide decks that you can use for formatting and templates. There's all kinds of great information. In addition to that, we have, i think, at least three or four different very in-depth training videos on vssls.

Um, inside of all my paid programs, whether it be jeremy's inner circle or even master internet marketing, they they cross in this case. Um, the training is shared amongst both for this specific set of lessons. I can't stress enough the importance of understanding this. There's a lot of people out there who will essentially give away everything that they know on youtube and then it's essentially a letdown when you get into their paid programs. I am not that way.

I do not [ __ ] you at all when i tell you that i withhold about 80 to 90% of what i know here on youtube. I give you more than enough to be able to go out there and get some results and see that i am not full of [ __ ] and that i can help you in your journey of getting richer. But again, i can't stress enough the importance of you understanding this. My paid program is where the true sauce is. And when you're inevitably ready after you finally take action on all this and get some results with it for free and you accumulate some house money, please understand with the utmost confidence and certainty how much better the results that you can get will be when you start the process of enduring one of my paid offers.

I look forward to that day. And in the meantime, i look forward to helping you regardless. Subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. Check out some of my other videos and go get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Create High-Converting Marketing Messaging (Live Demonstration)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZot4E4BnSg
CATEGORY: Messaging
============================================================

Messaging is one of the most important variables that you can master in marketing, period. Whether it be paid advertising with your literal ads, the funnels, the copy that you write, the email sequences, even the things that your sales team says out loud on sales calls. All these are different variations of a place that messaging can occur. One thing that is very important to master when you are trying to get even better at converting more people, especially at scale on paths to million-dollar months is successfully mastering what we call amplifiers. And in this specific video today, not only am i going to teach you about how it works so you can take these lessons and implement it inside of all of your current sales and marketing assets, in addition to that, i'm going to give you a literal example.

I'm going to pitch you on the fact that we are a thousand% going to become a multilanetary species. My name is jeremy haynes and if you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, these are all lessons from people who have been there, done that. So, if you're new to the channel, welcome in. That's all we talk about.

But of course, it's no earning claims. There's no income potential. It's a [ __ ] youtube video. And after all, we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that there's a 0.1% probability that you ever reach $10 million a year, which isn't even a million a month.

So, there's obviously an even smaller probability than that that you would ever crack a million a month and an even smaller probability than that that you'd ever go beyond even that level. So, again, just lessons that were sitting here handed down from people who have already been there, done that. Welcome into the channel and of course, if you're already a subscriber, it's an absolute pleasure to have you back. This is going to be a banger. Let's jump straight into it.

So, as i said, we're thousand% going to go to mars. We're going to become a multilanetary species species. You get what i'm trying to say. Anyway, long story short, i don't even think it stops there. As a matter of fact, i think that we're going to go exponentially beyond that.

I think that we're actually going to become a multi-solar system species. I guess it's i should learn how to say that by the end of this video, huh? anyway, long story short, we already right now supposedly have bases on the moon. Most people don't know things like how many times we've landed rockets successfully that are officially being repurposed and reused. And simply put, i'm going to act as though i'm going to try to sell you on this concept so you can understand the concept and practicality first of what an amplifier can successfully look like when it's weaved into a specific set of messaging.

Now, when you first hear this claim, which is where most people stop in their messaging, they just make claims. You leave people with whatever doubts they have. And you might think that you're addressing those doubts by saying some random things. But in a lot of instances, if you don't have enough supporting data that you weave in successfully, data that doesn't just come from you, the other person doesn't really believe you. They think you're full of [ __ ] especially if you reached them through a random video like this one or maybe through an ad or through a random post piece of content on instagram, wherever it was.

The moral of the story is i have to amplify what i'm attempting to say to actually get you to walk away after you conclude this part of the video that we're definitely going to mars. And a thousand% we're going to go beyond that. So without further ado, let's jump into it. First things very important to understand. How was life not even that long ago?

a little over about a hundredish years ago, arguably all the way up to 200ish years ago. Back in the 1800s, the 1800s was a very rural time. There wasn't [ __ ] going on in terms of technology. As a matter of fact, we weren't even necessarily in the agricultural revolution back then. A lot of people were congregated into little pockets.

Obviously, we had already come across the atlantic ocean from europe and started to explore the good old united states. States out of all our current 50 states in the united states were still being established back then. Life that you live right now and the maps that you look at, they would have looked completely different back then. As an example, mexico owned most of texas. France owned louisiana.

Pretty sure california was owned by mexico back then. We had the united states technically, but there weren't 50. The map looked completely different. As a matter of fact, in most people's lifetimes, they only think of the context of humanity within that given lifetime. And when they study history, they don't necessarily comprehend it.

The good news is in our day and age, we have google and we can lit literally look at some photos that some of the richer people who had cameras back then would have been able to capture for what life looked like. Think about a sided house back then. That would have been a luxury. Most houses would have looked like this, a little [ __ ] shack. Who knows what's this made out of?

maybe mud. A lot of homes looked like this. Little log cabins, things like roofing, as an example, those were huge technological advantages that they had. Everybody dressed a lot more formal back then. The lifespan of somebody in the 1800s was also exponentially shorter.

I don't necessarily remember when a car first came out. I think that was the early 1900s. I could be mistaken, but moral of the story is most people were traveling around by horse. You can imagine how small their lives were. Well, if you fast forward to today, in today's day and age, we are currently in talks of doing things like going to mars.

And today, most people don't actually comprehend even just about 40, 50 years ago when we had first done things like apparently gone to the moon, those rockets would blow up. They wouldn't be reused. They'd fall into different parts of the oceans. Maybe they were salvaged, maybe they weren't. Long story short, though, they definitely weren't repurposed and reused.

In today's day and age, literally as of the day that i sit here and film this, elon musk and his company spacex have successfully reused his falcon heavy and his falcon 9 boosters, which are parts of the rocket that help it take off because the majority of the fuel is used during takeoff 530 times. Meaning just a little over 200 years ago, at the very early part of the 1800s and a little under 200 years ago towards the late 1800s, people were living in mud shacks. Okay? they didn't have the maps that they have today. They didn't have cars.

They didn't have technology. Who [ __ ] knows if they even had like thermometers? most people lived until they were like 35, you know, maybe at best like somebody made it to 50. You understand? it's like very important for you to get how fast technological progression has occurred over that short period of time.

Landing a rocket. Have you ever seen one of elon musk's rockets land itself? i witnessed several in person. During co i lived in a little area called pon inlet full of boomers and a little bit north of the eastern florida space center. I believe it's called kennedy space center if i know it correctly.

I watched that rocket not only take off, i watched it come back down and land. I almost cried. It felt like magic. It it's hard to describe it. Just the technological progression that humanity's made and the things that we've been able to accomplish again over a rather short period of time.

200 years is like a fart in the wind. Sure, life feels slow to you. How long have we been around for? there's different arguments about how long we've technically been around for, and give or take what beliefs you subscribe to may dictate how long you genuinely believe we've been around. But there's arguments that we've been around for a very [ __ ] long time.

How long's the earth been around? simply put, if we haven't been around that long, isn't it even more impressive that we've accomplished what we've accomplished over this short period of time? and not only are we landing rockets in this day and age, no, no, we do much more than that, too. As a matter of fact, we have moon bases that were in the process between the good old united states, nasa, which is a government organization here that's responsible historically for our space uh programs, i guess you'd call it, and china. And we're talking about building moon bases.

If you subscribe to the belief, which maybe you do, that the military is typically substantially ahead of whatever they publicly talk about, usually by a couple decades, my bet would be there's already moon bases. As a matter of fact, keep in mind, we can only see half the moon. There's the dark side of the moon that we don't even have visibility of. Sure, with a telescope you can see a lot of the front of the moon. We already had moon bases.

Where do you think you'd put it? on the part that any person can see or maybe on the back side or maybe people have already been seeing moon bases up there and maybe that's why they've started to officially put out the idea that there's going to be a joint moon base. You understand the severity of this? we're already in the position where that little thing that orbits around us, we're going to put a [ __ ] base on it. I don't know if you've seen this where we're putting data centers into space officially, but with all this talk with ai recently, one thing that we've successfully been doing has literally been taking data centers and putting them into space.

One of the number one, if not literally the number one most valuable company on earth right now is nvidia. And nvidia is current how starcloud is bringing data centers to outer space. Think about this [ __ ] we're putting data centers where you're literally watching this video on this magical little piece of glass that used to be a rock and who [ __ ] knows what else. Think about this. How does wi-fi work?

have you ever even thought about that? have you ever just gone and looked at like a mountainscape with grass and random animals and been like, >> "huh, i'm going to invent computing and somehow make a little magic piece of glass that can transmit a dude in miami, florida straight onto my phone to teach me about making more money." >> you know, have you ever thought about this kind of [ __ ] probably not. Here's the point, though. We are technologically progressing at an extreme rate. And a lot of people, they can't comprehend it.

They subscribe to things like this where they say things every single time some new [ __ ] technology comes out. Do you think in the 1800s when they invented something like, i don't know, a till maybe or some other form of agricultural revolution, a technological progression that blows some people's minds away and they say, "oh, that's just a fad. Like, no way that's going to adapt." do you think that the people in the 1800s could ever possibly conceive what a rocket even is? let alone i don't even think that a plane was flying until the early 1900s with the orwell brothers or whatever the [ __ ] their names are. My point is a lot of people mainly skeptics and pessimists and cynics believe that the random technological progressions that are made are something that's not actually going to stick around, something that's not going to exist over a broader duration of time.

They don't actually understand what the [ __ ] is going on. As a matter of fact, what is going on is really important to understand and this is a great visual of it. This is gdp. Gdp over a period of time from the early 1800s. As a matter of fact, 1820 is the origination date of this chart up to very very early 2025.

And this data, what it does is it visualizes the current exponential growth curve that you see on the far right there. That exponential growth curve is literally what you are living in right now. Do you notice how hard it feels in some instances depending on who you are and how hard you try to keep up to keep up? think about the differences between when you were a young child and how the world was at that given time and what kind of technology existed. I remember as a great example when i was younger my parents having like a massive camcorder to film very short shitty looking videos on with vhs tapes inside of the camera and a little thing would pop out the side so you could take the tape out.

I remember going to blockbuster and renting movies and having to literally rewind the movie with like a physical device that was used just for vhf tapes. I remember, and i'm not even that old. I'm not old. I'm at mid-age right now with the current age. And by the way, as you've noticed, the early 1800s, people would be like, "y'all are living to mid70s or 80s." you have people that live to a 100, they'd probably think we're witches.

You understand? here's the point, though. In reality, what's happening is we currently live in the technological growth curve. Yeah. Have they printed some more money through this same period of time?

sure. But is that really all that accounts for gdp? is that really all that's making this curve go up into the right? obviously not. Cuz you can see the [ __ ] physical differences in your world.

Do you notice how many more people are getting richer than ever before? do you notice how many more people are having larger sums of money that they report making? i know some actual dumb asses that make some serious [ __ ] money. And i know some average people too that are making some serious [ __ ] money. And of course, there's a lot a lot more than it's ever felt like of very smart people that are also making a fuckload of money.

And you know why? cuz we're living currently right now in the technological growth curve, the exponential wealth curve where gdp literally is at an exponential growth rate mainly due to the technological growth rate that's currently occurring. So, first of all, if you couldn't even comprehend what a rocket was, because you probably couldn't even think of how the [ __ ] that would work because planes didn't even exist back then. Cars didn't even exist back then in the 1800s. And that's a measly less than 200year difference.

We have guys right now such as brian johnson where their whole shtick is not dying. And a majority of people sit there and they pick at him and they try to use all kinds of justifications, whether it be religious or just personal beliefs. Death is a part of life. If he's not wrong and he does end up living substantially longer than everybody else and everybody else who picked at him ends up dying and he also has a great quality of life as he ends up living longer, i don't know who necessarily would want to be right. Again, it's personal beliefs.

But personal beliefs aside, one thing's clear. We have a man right now amongst us that's not selling snake oil that's actively measuring each independent test that he does to attempt to extend his lifespan and reduce his overall biological age. We're witnessing things right now on these pieces of glass that transmit signals that were made out of all the raw materials that are around us. Just go look at a natural scape of land, a beautiful piece of nature with nothing built on it. And just remember, we built wi-fi out of that.

Now, here's the point i'm trying to make. Is it really that hard to comprehend that obviously within our lifetimes, we'll likely land on mars and have a mars base, let alone multiple moon bases. I wouldn't be surprised if different countries on earth start fighting and literally have battles on the moon. Maybe that becomes a new battleground that we witness. Who knows which war that will be, but i'm sure that there'll be some kind of dispute over certain land territories because there's got to be a better piece of land on the moon than others.

And i would bet the same thing for mars. And not only would i bet that elon musk currently being the only person has that initiative, is going to subside. I bet there'll be many people within the endstages of our lifetimes that are actively pursuing the same things because it takes one person. It takes one individual to do something to make a fuckload of other individuals immediately feel like it's possible. Stage one versus stage two people.

Stage two people require stage one people to take the massive risks first. It's also important to note it'll arguably be a lot more cost-effective to have the stage two people try to go to mars, too, because elon musk will have already proven the cost effective ways to get there, such as reusing rockets. Now the question becomes at this point obviously you have a high probability to believe we're going to be on mars by the time you likely die assuming you get to the average span of where we currently get to and assuming that span doesn't extend as you continue to age which would also be kind of silly to think that it wouldn't but regardless think about this now you've likely heard that subtle propaganda here and there if you're in any way shape or form attentive to what we do with space exploration where they say that there's a certain moon orbiting jupiter specifically i believe it's called titan that they claim also could be another place that we could inhabit. The question is by the end of our lifetime, could we realistically land on titan and maybe have a titan base? there's all kinds of technology that doesn't exist yet that will exist just like rockets.

Just like rockets. Just like rockets that land themselves. Just like back in the 1800s, they probably couldn't even [ __ ] conceive an airplane. Probably couldn't conceive some of the food that we have today. Let alone what the [ __ ] titan is and that it orbits jupiter.

They probably didn't know what [ __ ] jupiter was. Here's my point. Are we going to be able to break the speed of light? i would say so. Look at the curve.

You think the curve stops? you know how exponential growth curves work. Even if you don't, it doesn't slow down. It gets faster and it compounds on itself and it just keeps going up and to the right at an exponential rate and pretty much vertically at certain points. As you can see here, the point i'm attempting to make is very simple for you to understand.

I deeply believe not only will we become a multilanetary species, i deeply believe that we're going to go beyond our solar system. I believe that we'll go beyond the universe and potentially find things that just don't even make sense to our physics currently. There's all kinds of stuff that simply put i think deeply we'll figure out and i deeply believe we'll figure out because all the data is right in front of us that if we thought like somebody who's in the 1800s about all the things that happened today and we fast forward to you and i being here today and we think to ourselves about what's going to exist 10020 years from now, it's very easy to project that there's a lot of different things that can make you very optimistic and considerate about what technology could exist and where we're likely going to be. And i think at one of the highest probable outcomes, we're going to be multilanetary. We're going to have a lot of people all over the place within our existing solar system.

I think that's easy to believe. Now, back to the point i'm attempting to make with you as i sit here and talk to you about messaging amplifiers, there's a very important consideration to make, which is thirdparty data. Okay? so, as you try to spin up a narrative, if it's just you sitting here like me, jeremy haynes, in a warehouse in miami, florida, sitting here telling you that we're going to be a multilanetary species of [ __ ] like we're going to have people on mars, the moon, we have moon bases, you know, we're going to be on titan. It's like we're going to be able to break the speed of light.

It kind of sounds stupid because i'm a marketer, you know? i'm just a dude. Comparatively, when all of a sudden weed in a bunch of thirdparty data and i remind you and i spin a certain narrative, this is very important. The narrative that i specifically chose to use here was what's called a timeline narrative. Okay?

the timeline narrative that i anchored to was the 1800s. And all the data i used, i would anchor back to the 1800. What do you think the people in the 1800s thought about rockets that could land themselves? this data for the gdp originated in the 1800s. Did you ever think they'd reach an exponential growth curve?

i also want to be really clear when i say this. All that data came from third parties. Google polls from all kinds of different sources, but they're credible sources in this case. And these credible sources, you can go yourself and you can look these things up and you can audit them to sell yourself further on them. Okay?

and i don't need to dig into those things in the video. But like any presentation, i can make those sources known below the video itself or i can make them known on the next page that people click through to. Or if i'm on a sales call, i could just make it known by literally showing them the sources if they ask. I could drop them into the [ __ ] zoom chat while i sit there and talk about these things. That way, nobody's left with a specific objection that was left unressed.

If a question goes unressed, the brain stays focused on that unanswered question and most of the following data is negated. So, as an example, if i did a good job with the presentation i just provided to you, you would have followed along and kept track the entire time. If there was a specific question that was left unanswered, you'll have noticed that your brain kind of stopped at that part of the presentation and you didn't really hear or comprehend much that i would have said after. So, it's very important to note you also have to make claims and then immediately support those claims. But rather than supporting those claims from one perspective, you want to provide multiple perspectives.

So ideally, you have multiple sources of truth. Okay. Now, if i wanted to take it one step further in all of that, i'd also want to prove credibility of these things because as an example of what i just said, that could be something that comes up that, well, where's this guy pulling the [ __ ] from? right? and again, if i don't talk about that within the video itself, that can leave you in a position where you're like, yeah, but i mean, i don't know, that guy might be full of [ __ ] okay?

it's also important to note that rather than just making a claim, which is what a majority of people do, you have to substantiate the claim. And that's essentially the whole point of what i'm attempting to make here. An amplifier in a nutshell of explaining it to you is rather than just talking about the general best practices of messaging like problems, circumstances, and outcomes, we amplify the power of those specific things. And we amplify it typically through thirdparty data, through stories, through anchoring techniques. This is arguably one of the most powerful things that you can incorporate into what you do.

And it's perfect for your ads. It's perfect for your vssls. It's incredible for emails. It's also really important that you teach your sales team how to use these things, too. Amplification leads to a dramatic increase in the overall conversion rates that you're going to experience and the stats going up and to the right.

It's very important you master this. Now, this is all i'm going to leave you with in today's video. I feel like i've given you enough for a free video here on youtube. What i would encourage you to do, of course, if you want even more of this information, first of all, check out a few of my other videos. There's plenty of great stuff on this channel, and i'd encourage you subscribe and go watch a few.

But if you're ready to really step it up and get the true sauce, because i want to be very transparent [snorts] and saying i withhold a good 90%. Sometimes i withhold about 80% of what i know and i only give you 10 to 20% of what i actually know. And i promise you this, my paid programs [ __ ] very hard. They're awesome. And there's links for them down in the description.

We have jeremy's inner circle, which is an incredible program if you're rich trying to get a whole lot richer. I have one-on-one weekly group calls, quarterly inerson masterminds, access to jeremy ai, which is trained on all my material. I always think it's funny, by the we get people occasionally that are like, "oh, jeremy, i threw all your uh youtube videos in like poppy ai and i got like a mini version of jeremy ai now." and again, it's very important to note i literally withhold a majority of what i could sit here and talk to you about on youtube. Whereas our actual jeremy ai is trained on calls that people don't even have access to, like one-on-one calls, client calls, consulting calls, literally every single message i've ever sent, including voice notes and actual things i've typed out. Of course, all my training videos that you don't have access to unless you give us money and no, they're not available through some pirate on the internet and all kinds of other training material.

Jeremy a is awesome. We get really good feedback from the people who go through the group and they're very high level people who go through that. We have a very active group chat full of rich people trying to get hell of a lot richer. There's also a massive course. Lastly, we have what's called master internet marketing.

It's a seven-week class. It's extensive. Each class is about two and a half to upwards of five hours per class. There's homework libraries in between each one. Each week covers a completely different topic of the digital marketing landscape.

Things that you must know to be able to get some serious results in the current landscape of marketing. And yes, of course, it's updated with everything that's modern. We update the class annually to be clear. So, anytime that there's something significant that changes, we go back and we update literally the entire class or whatever is appropriate to update. And in between those annual updates, we of course give new sops, new training videos, have an active community, and answer questions in between those live classes.

If you join in in between one of the live classes, you get access to the most recent up-to-date cohort of information that you can go through immediately upon joining in. We're very excited to help you out one way or the other. Whe whether it's for free here ongoing on the youtube channel or whether it's through one of our paid programs that there's links for down in the description. Subscribe to the channel. Thank you so much for being here and go out there and get richer.

Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Fix Your Funnel After It Stopped Working (Step-By-Step)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rp1Ej2NIZQY
CATEGORY: Funnels
============================================================

One thing that is highly probable to occur on your journey to cracking million-dollar months or adding that next million month is that you are going to have a funnel that stalls or stops working. In this video, we're going to cover all the short-term solutions that you can immediately start to turn around and test in order to solve that problem and get the revenue cracking again. My name is jeremy haynes. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million month, we got you.

We do not in any way, shape, or form make any income claims. There are no in any way, shape, or form earning potential that you have from watching a [ __ ] youtube video. All we're doing around here is handing down lessons from people that have been there, done that, and passing them down to you. The us bureau of labor statistics, they claim that there's a.1% probability of ever cracking $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability you ever crack million months. There's no earnings claims.

There's no earning potential. We're just sitting here yapping about [ __ ] that works. All right, so let's jump into it. First things first, you had a funnel that was working. It's no longer working.

It could be something as simple as just needing to repeat successful actions. This is actually a very common issue that occurs. Repeating success is usually something that's easy to steer clear from because you deterred too many steps away from what was originally working. If you're on a path, as an example, and you take one simple left and you forget that you took that left and that left turn led you into a bad place, it's literally as simple as just turning right back around and then taking a different direction again. Instead, what most people choose to do is they decide to take another left and then another left and then another left and then another left and then maybe a right and then another left and all of a sudden they're way the [ __ ] off from where they were.

They have no idea where they originally were at, where they were originally getting all the success from and everything just ends up [ __ ] because of that logic. Every time you take an action, you got to be mindful of whether it's something that actually worked or not. So if it didn't work, you can undo it. Okay, getting back to the baseline is one of the most important things that you can initially consider when trying to crack million-dollar months and you start to see some cracks in the wall. You understand?

you need to just take one step backwards, try to originate the success again of whatever actions were working prior, even if they weren't the best. Let's use the example you were at a 2x rorowaz. You tried to take an action to improve it. It lowers your rorowaz down to like a 1.3. It should be as simple as you [ __ ] stop taking that action that took you down to a 1.3 and go back to the action that was making you two.

And then you take a new action when you're back at two again to try to get it to go up higher. Instead, just to give you a literal example that i'm saying, you were at the two row s. You took an action, it lowered to 1.3. Instead of undoing that action, you take another action, now you're down to 1.2. You take another action, now you're down to 1.1.

And you're like, what the [ __ ] was i originally doing that was doing it, too? you see, this is one perspective that you want to maintain if you're going through this right now. Sometimes it's genuinely as simple as that. Here's the other thing that you need to do. We have entire videos on my channel dedicated to this exact topic.

We call it bottleneck analysis. So whenever somebody hits me up and they say, >> "hey man, i'm having a hard time. I um you know was getting success and all of a sudden i'm not having success. Like what do i do?" >> i just ask them. I'm like, "well, what's the bottleneck analysis?" like shoot me over the stats.

Okay? and people really [ __ ] this up. It's literally this simple. If something was working and it no longer is working in the context of paid ads or marketing or scaled sales lessons, it's because a specific statistic within the process is currently contracted. It's not random, dude.

There's a specific statistic, one stat or maybe a combination of a few stats that are shaved off a couple points that are currently [ __ ] you. Not to turn this entire video into a bottleneck analysis, but let me just give you an example in the context of paid ads. You would do something like check your cpms. You would then check your link click-through rate and you would see if that's getting cooked. As an example of this, by the way, right now, just in these two statistics alone, there's currently a glitch happening where you'll get infinite bot traffic to start hitting your page.

Nothing will convert. Your link click-through rate will be through the [ __ ] roof and your cpms will be like single digits. Okay, that's not normal. That shows that there's a glitch. By the way, i can't believe i'm even telling you this for free on youtube, but the way you would solve that is to ideally exclude reals as a placement.

But, you know, that's one of the many paid things that we uh try to keep for the people who pay us. But, nonetheless, i'll give it to you here. Okay. Cpms, link click-through rate. Let's use the example you're running a call funnel.

You maybe have an opt-in page. Hopefully, you don't, cuz if you watch my channel, you know that we [ __ ] hate opt-in pages, especially for rich people. So, it's an unnecessary point of friction unless you're attempting to actively add friction for exclusivity, but that's a different lesson that we covered in another video on this channel. Okay. Cpms, link clickthrough rate, the opt-in rate.

Then you would look at things like the application rate. You would look at the application completion rate to how many of those people then go and schedule a call. You then have things like your show rate, you have your close rate, or if you're doing a two call close, you'd have your second call show rate, your second call booking rate, etc. You'd have your close rate, you'd have the aov. Okay?

so, just as an example, in a single call funnel, you likely have some stats that look like this. Now, are there stats that make up some of these stats that you could also track? yeah, but you don't need to be that detailed when you're doing a bottleneck analysis. You only want to be that detailed when one of the stats is specifically [ __ ] up. So, let me give you a great example of this.

Let's say my application rate all of a sudden chopped in half. Let's say i'm using a tool like type form that gives me the opportunity to see the summary analytics for each individual questions drop off rate. Let's use the example that one of those specific questions has the higher drop off rate. Now, that's really simple to solve for, dude. All i'm going to do in that example is just change that question up.

That's where the bottleneck was. I don't give a [ __ ] about the question by question drop off rate until my application rate is the bottleneck. You understand? i don't give a [ __ ] about the play rate on the video or the engagement rate on the video until the problem is my page. You understand?

i like my stats to be good. And i know that when my stats can be better, i want to be testing to make them better. But again, in the context of the bottleneck analysis, all the smaller stats don't mean anything unless that specific bigger stat is what is [ __ ] and choked. You get what i'm saying? okay, back to my point.

Once you do a basic bottleneck analysis and you compare it to the stats when you were successful versus the stats when you are now experiencing the problems, you're going to see a difference every single time. It's never random. Again, there is never an instance where your stats get worse. And these stats are all the exact same as when things were good. That's never the case.

So, here's what you then do. You take your attention and you're going to laser focus it on the specific stat that is [ __ ] you understand? so, as an example, let's say that your link clickthrough rate is all of a sudden cooked. No problem. You're going to go follow the andromeda best practices.

You're going to follow messaging best practices. You're going to use some amplifiers inside of your messaging, like maybe pain as an example, and you're going to come up with some fresh creatives. Maybe it's something as simple as you're dealing with ad fatigue and you just need to deploy ad fatigue protocol. The point i'm trying to make is whichever stat is specifically [ __ ] up. All you got to do is just take your attention concentrated on that stat and open it up.

Test that specific area exclusively. Okay. Where most people really take the wrong action is when they just say, "oh my god, my stats are all of a sudden [ __ ] up." >> they get all anxious and reactive and they just start doing random [ __ ] in an unccalculated way. That's how you end up in that first scenario that i broke down for you where you take a bunch of random actions that leads you way far away from what was originally working. And you also take actions that you didn't even need to [ __ ] take.

The bottleneck analysis reveals to you to the [ __ ] tea what needs to be improved upon. And that is all that deserves to have an action taken. I will give you a slightly more complex scenario though just to appease your interest and also reveal to you that yeah, things can sometimes be more complex than that. Here it is. Sometimes all your stats get [ __ ] at once, right?

and sometimes rather than just one specific stat, every stat when you do a bottleneck analysis looks worse. What do you do then? right? generally, who you attract can change every stat. Okay?

so, let me write this down. Who you attract can determine every stat. Okay? so, let me be clear on this. Let's use the example.

I'm selling hyperbaric chambers that are like $50,000 to $80,000 a pop. Okay? and i'm using something like a lead form on facebook, an ai tool, plus one of those blue sending text services. I'm getting my ai bot to talk to people via text message, warm people up, and then three-way group chat intro them to me, the owner. And then i start the process of selling that [ __ ] after they're already teed up and had some of their questions answered and everything's going swimmingly well.

I'm making a fuckload of money. I'm selling the [ __ ] out of some hyperbaric chambers and again, we're rocking and rolling. Then all of a sudden, every stat at once gets nuked. My cost per lead flies. My cpm goes through the roof.

The quality of lead dramatically drops. So therefore, my connection rate drops. The quantity of people getting handed off from my ai setter to me in those group chats drops off. Every single stat beyond that drops off. Obviously, the connection rate, the response rate, show rates, close rates, aovs, fuckload more people who do buy are doing payment plans.

When something like that occurs, this is very important you understand this. You likely all of a sudden are in the wrong pocket of people. We have an incredible video on my channel as it relates to some meta andromeda best practices where we essentially go in depth on the concept of messaging and i talk about it like oil fields or like aquafers under the ground. I describe it like when you have a specific pocket audience that's working really well, you're going to exploit it until it's no longer there to exploit. There are oil fields where it's technically a non-renewable resource where once that pocket of oil is gone, it's gone.

It's not going to replenish. Whereas an aquafer, if you drill a well or an extraction mechanism into an aquifer and the aquafer has a spring that's feeding it, you can extract at the pace that the aquafer is replenishing. So, as an example, sometimes you have a really good pocket audience of people that is technically still filling up with new people every day. But as you scale more and more and more, you're actually going to diminish the overall supply of who's available in that audience to extract. And as a result of that, you eventually also milk the aquafer dry.

The spring water only has so much that it replenishes per day. And your rate of taking out water, aka removing people from the market in this metaphor, is too fast. And so you have to learn from a messaging perspective when you have milked an audience dry and whether it's replenishing itself and therefore you can maintain it at a certain level of spend for your extraction efforts or whether you're going to have to abandon it completely and go to something new. Both scenarios are feasible and both scenarios can actively happen when all of a sudden every single [ __ ] stat nukes. That's generally the clearest sign that you can look for that you have run out of a specific audience type that a current set of messaging and funnels were converting well.

And so in that scenario, the if this then that logic that you must deploy is you must deploy new messaging. In some instances, you don't necessarily have to change the messaging. You can deploy a new funnel type or conversion mechanism. So, let's use the example, you've been milking the [ __ ] out of a callunnel at scale for a while now. You finally grew some thicker nuts and you've been scaling the [ __ ] out of it and things have been going well for a while and then bang, all of a sudden everything's cooked.

You're getting nothing from it. Everything starts to just go wrong. In that example, you have to test new messaging. Or you could test instead of a callunnel, maybe do a webinar funnel. Maybe introduce a challenge funnel.

Maybe start testing low ticket to high ticket. Every funnel generally has a ceiling. Every set of messaging generally has a ceiling. So when all your stats get cooked at one time, ideally you just look at those two scenarios for what you can specifically attack. You understand this?

it's pretty simple. Of course, per usual, there's a tremendous amount more i could sit here and yap at you about when it comes to improving the performance of a specific funnel when things stop working. But i always tell you, i withhold a good 80 to 90% of what i could otherwise sit here and talk to you about for all my paid programs. Check out jeremy's inner circle. It's down in the description.

You can also check out my master internet marketing course, jeremy's inner circle, perfect for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. Master internet marketing is an incredible, incredible program under our education company where we put you or your staff through 7 weeks of extensive training on all technical and tactical and strategies related to digital marketing. There's also a lot of great tools and softwares we cover in there. Whichever one's better for you, i'd encourage you actually take the action. My channel's full of videos that'll help you earn a little bit of house money to get to the point where you can pay for one of my paid offers with some of the money that you go out there and hopefully earn based on what you can do with all the free stuff i've put out.

I can't stress enough and this is very important you understand this. There's so much more to this, but this should still help you with your problems to be able to overcome it and give you more than enough to do to turn this [ __ ] around and get your momentum back. Remember, momentum is a universal law. It's as real as gravity. Gravity.

If i chose to step off the edge of that balcony right now, which way am i going? am i going to go up? am i going to go sideways? or am i going to go down? right?

as obvious as that answer is, a lot of you guys treat momentum like it's not just as real. Momentum is an incredible force where you actively have to try to [ __ ] it up in order for it to start to play against you. And when it starts to play against you, may god help you because you are going to have to stop that force and stop it accumulating more power as it goes. You want to keep momentum in your favor. Okay?

when these kind of things crop up, do not be tolerable of it. You need to attack these kind of things aggressively. Don't sit around and just wait and hope it gets better. That is the worst case scenario. I'll leave you with this one last tip.

Okay? hope is not a strategy. Okay? hope is not a strategy. You will be absolutely [ __ ] if you just sit on your hands here and just wait and act like things are all of a sudden going to improve.

If circumstances are as bad as they are for you to seek a video out like this, or maybe you're just sitting here trying to be smart and prepare for if situations happen like this. I sure hope that you don't deploy hope as the tactic. You understand? all right, go out there and get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Keep Your Ad Costs Predictable While Scaling Fast
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ifb8eApQpk
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

In this video, we're going to cover why your ad costs keep spiking on your path to million-dollar months or tacking on that next million a month. You want to have predictability and consistency in your cpas. And in this video, we're going to cover what all my clients have done and that we've done on behalf of clients in order to keep their costs as predictable, consistent, and as stable as possible. You're tired of the fluctuations, you're tired of the spikes, you're tired of just not knowing why you keep getting [ __ ] on when it comes to your cost per results and your ad cost spiking, this video is going to be perfect for you. Allow me to reiterate that whether you're new here or whether you're already a subscriber, there are no earnings claims or income potential on any singular one of these videos.

According to the us bureau of labor statistics, you have a 0.1% probability to ever hit 10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability than that to hit million-doll months. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. We have no idea your current circumstances. And of course, this is just a youtube video for free on a public platform. There is no implied earnings claims in any way, shape, or form.

You watch any single one of my youtube videos, let alone this one here today. So again, without further ado, if you're new to the channel, welcome in. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, got another banger for you. Let's dive in. The first one, very important to understand, there is an entire newsroom.

Technically, two of them, meta engineering, and then their front-facing meta newsroom. Same thing with every other ad channel, by the way. They all have these places where them as a company distribute things that are currently changing or going to change. And one of the most recent massive changes that they made was a big algorithm update to the creative recommendation process called meta andromeda. And meta andromeda specifically, we had a whole video dedicated to just this one topic.

You can go check out after this one if you think that this is the reason that you're getting [ __ ] on. We also talk at length about this inside of all my paid programs with training videos, extensive how-tos, and also sops on how to overcome this specific issue. Overcoming it though in a very simplified nutshell kind of way. Two paths. Path number one, 50 plus creatives a week.

This new andromeda update is pretty simple to understand. The meta engineering article specifically talks in depth about how it works. There's a multi-stage algorithm recommendation process for what creatives get served to the different people that could be targeted by different creatives. All kinds of variables. Without boring you with all those, here's the simple way that meant andromeda got worked into the process.

So the very first step, which is just sifting through all the possible creatives that exist to serve to somebody, not factoring in the subsequent steps that happen after, just that very first step. That's where andromeda got placed. That was the new update in the algorithm recommendation process. This is the new thing that technically rolled out what it appears across all accounts in july of 2025. It was announced in april of 2025, but you know how they do it over there.

They don't just batch release it to literally every person that's an advertiser and the algorithm as a whole. They do little pocket tests and you see how [ __ ] or good the results are for different people. They try to put some propaganda out there when they do a major algorithm update and they try to put you on game so you don't get dunked on. But in july, i'll tell you what, i heard it very frequently. There were a lot of people who had large extreme spikes.

And if you still at the time of watching this video aren't educated about andromeda, you as the advertiser are either not doing your due diligence on the platforms that you're choosing to spend a lot of money on or the people that you've hired to run your advertising if they haven't talked to you about this sound like they might be the wrong people or are too overwhelmed or might need a great training program like what you can find links for down in the description. Anyway, i digress. Point i'm trying to make is very simple. Path number one in this instance requires you to make upwards of 50 creatives a week. And again, we talk at length inside of that video on meta andromeda as to why.

Path two, we typically require our clients to make about 15 to 30 fresh creatives a month that are well diversified in the messaging that they communicate. So, historically, what you'd find time and time again when you advertised was a need for a majority hook. You needed to find one specific hook that worked the best that you could essentially recreate again and again and again and again forever and just milk the [ __ ] out of it. That was the historical best practices. That was called a majority hook.

And yes, majority hooks you can absolutely still milk the [ __ ] out of them. But what we found, and this is very interesting, the minority hooks, the hooks that never really moved the needle that much, that would never really get that much distribution, that would be left high and dry amongst all the other creatives that worked a lot better are actually, and surprisingly, what's working a lot better than all of the historical alos that we've worked through as advertisers. So, what's interesting about this, and this is very simple to understand, we're just seeing that these little minority hooks here, these have a lot more impact and are what you can technically look for as a best practice when you're considering messaging diversification and how it relates to path two of the meta andromeda update. But again, this is very simple to understand. This specific meta andromeda algo update requires either a really large volume of creatives on a week-week basis to lower your probability of ad cost spiking to increase the probability of consistency and predictability when scaling with your cost per result.

Or it requires you to have a smaller quantity of creatives, maybe more than what you're regularly used to though, depending on where you've settled into that are well diversified in the messaging and what you're actually communicating. Whichever path you choose to take, i can't stress this enough. You are not actively working this into your current creative process when you're actually making ad creatives. This alone is something that you must factor into what you're currently doing. It's not an optional thing.

If you're spending a majority of your ad dollars on meta, you have to put your attention into this. This matters a lot. Okay. Second thing that can [ __ ] you are the ad auction costs. So, in some instances, there's just these times of year where costs are substantially higher than what they're regularly going to be during other times of year.

Sometimes there's macro events that can affect ad auction costs. Sometimes there's individual holidays. Sometimes there's entire quarters of the year. As a great example of this, any advertiser who's been spending money knows q4 is wild. Upwards of 70% of the entire year's ad spend, it's a statistic that i got from facebook's headquarters, is spent during those three months of october, november, and december during q4.

So, all the ecom boys that crawl out from under their rocks and get their nut for the entire year. They do that during q4. Starts with october, goes into the black friday month and pre christmas and holiday shopping month of november, and then obviously december for the last minute gift giving. I can't stress this enough. When 70% of the entire year's ad spend supposedly is getting spent within a 3-month duration of time, you obviously want to assume that you're going to factor in inflationary costs during that time.

Like, you're just going to assume that you're thinking to yourself, everything's going to be more costly. There's all kinds of best practices that you have to follow during q4 periods of time. We're already preparing our inner circle members. We're already preparing our master internet marketing students for that upcoming duration of the year with with plenty of great training videos, best practices, and things they need to do. We try to create a lot of momentum going into that time of the year.

You either need to hand off the cost to customers, increase your upfront roi that you're able to generate, and that could be done through low ticket to high ticket funnels as an example. That can be done through offsetting some of the lack of profitability from the inflated costs by having lumpsum funnels worked into what you do like challenges during those three months as an example. There's all kinds of best practices that you must follow, not optionally follow, must follow during inflationary periods, q4 being one of the largest. But what we've seen throughout 2025 specifically and what seems to be will be the case for all future years as well is smaller holidays have also had a much higher inflationary period. And it's been not just for the day of the holiday, it's been for the days leading up and about 2 days after the holiday itself.

So this started in 2025 in february when we had valentine's day, the super bowl, and president's day all on a weekend. So, the ad costs were pretty extreme during that little period of time around the middle part of february of this year. Then we saw it again in march with the random holiday of st. Patrick's day having some inflation. We saw it even during the first part of april and the very late part of march for april fool's day and then easter.

We saw it during periods of time where kids were out of school and people were not necessarily on the platforms as much and they started summering and vacationing or for the international folks watching went on a holiday. Can't stress this enough. Having less platform time also leads to more inflationary periods because auctions are higher cost when there's less users on the platform. So, when there's a lot more money flowing towards demographics you're targeting or just a lot less people and therefore there's more advertisers trying to reach less people, you're going to have inflationary ad costs. And so, therefore, you have to have a plan.

You have to have something you could do during those specific periods of time in order to offset the spike that's otherwise going to occur. You also have to have differences in campaign structure. Again, i leave a lot of the specific solutions for people who actually pay us through our master internet marketing program or jeremy's inner circle, which you can find links for down in the description, but i'll still put you on game. Cost cap campaigns and bidcap campaigns can be tremendous solutions during those inflationary windows instead of running your lifetime campaigns or your daily budget campaigns with auto bidding. Auto bidding is essentially going to automatically fluctuate your costs up when advertising auction costs inflate to a much higher level.

There's also two other things that could be [ __ ] you. Number one is ad fatigue. So meta andromeda is like ad fatigue on steroids, which was the first point that we had talked about inside of this video. But ad fatigue is a very simple thing to understand. Your cost per result starts to climb and your total result volume starts to decline.

And when this little cross occurs right here, that is by all technical definition ad fatigue. And what we want to do during that period of time is really simple. All we have to do is put some fresh creatives in place of the old fatigued creatives and relaunch. We don't want to presume that ad fatigue means that our frequency got too high. That's not what it means.

It doesn't just mean that the total amount of times that the audience saw our ads is what fatigued them. A lot of the times this is just the ad platform communicating to you because they don't pick up the phone and call you and tell you these things. They communicate to you through signals. In this case, statistics as the signal. They say, "hey, >> we want fresh creative." >> how do they tell you that?

by spiking up your result cost and lowering your overall quantity of results you get. That'll make you pay attention, won't it? so anyway, we deploy ad fatigue protocol as a great way to mitigate ad costs spiking. That is a huge very consistent inevitable to run into problem that you're going to have when you're dealing with scaling and trying to maintain consistency. And of course, depending on your level of spend dictates the frequency in which you're going to be dealing with ad fatigue.

You have to have a competent, well, well-educated individual working with you to try to forecast when ad fatigue is probable to occur and to have a plan in place for when ad fatigue occurs, what you're going to do. I'll tell you this, you want to always have a creative surplus. You don't want to be one of those tweakers that as soon as you film creatives, you immediately try to throw them into the algorithm. You want to always have some fresh creatives, some tests running, but you also always want to have a surplus of creatives just sitting on the sidelines. That way you're not put into a reactive position when ad fatigue inevitably occurs.

It's a very important point to make. And finally, the last specific issue that could [ __ ] you when you are trying to maintain ad cost, you're trying to avoid those spikes or those big fluctuations is being able to do a proper bottleneck analysis. Time and time again, we find new inner circle members, new master internet marketing students, new clients not being able to assess what specific kpi became contracted or inflated that is currently [ __ ] them. They don't actually have a grip or their thumb on it for what specifically is happening at each step of the process for advertising and sales. You want to be able to have a step-by-step process from the origination of the lead all the way to the lead actually being closed.

When we actually go through the process of just looking at distributing an ad, i'll give you an example of a few. The first thing is cpms. The second thing is our link click-through rate. If we're driving traffic, let's say, to a webinar, we want to have the opt-in rate in mind. We want to have the show rate to the webinar in mind.

We obviously want to have the quantity of people that stayed for the pitch, right? we want to have the quantity of people that converted to a call. We have the show rate of the call. We have the close rate of the call. We have the aov.

Each one of these and many more individual statistics in this example all rightfully so deserve to be tracked. And when you track them and you look at week overweek trends specifically with this statistic, what you're going to see is potential contractions. And the point of a bottleneck analysis is to be able to conclude which one of these statistics do i want to put my time, effort, and attention into. I want to laser concentrate my time, effort, and attention onto it so i could open that bottleneck up. As an example, you might be suffering with a really low link click-through rate right now.

Maybe it's like 0.5% or 1%. Being able to double that to 1% or 2% is very reasonable with far better creative than you have now. If that out of every other benchmark that i could track in my current advertising and sales process is what's deemed to be easiest to double, that's where i'm going to put my time, effort, and attention. That's where it deserves to go. Because if i doubled that specific statistic in that example, without spending any more money, i'm going to double the quantity of people that make it through every subsequent statistic, which would logically mean i'd double the revenue out the other side of the funnel, which would mean i'd double my rorowaz.

So, when it comes to ad costs specifically, i'm going to assume you're looking at your cost per result. Your cost per result is made up of some key statistics. So, when you look at your cpa, okay, and you try to determine like, okay, what could be making up this statistic? it's pretty simple when you break it down, it's things like cpms, it's things like your link click-through rate, it's obviously opt-in rates and conversion rates in general on the page itself. These are examples of the statistics that make up the total cost per result that we're generating.

Some of these have subsequent statistics like as an example in my conversion rate on the page or on the opt-in. Maybe i have a vssl on the page. I therefore want to track some substics like play rate, the engagement rate, right? but these statistics by themselves, this is not a set of statistics that really matters unless my opt-in rate specifically is what's [ __ ] and therefore i need to now track the subsequent statistics below that main statistic. You understand?

it's like here's the main statistic and then we get to the point where all the subsequent statistics beneath that start to matter because each one of these independently of each other, every single one of these is all made up by a set of substats. You understand what i'm saying? it means a lot to be able to track them. But remember, you want to start with the main stat, then you want to work to second layer stats. Second layer stats are the ones you really want to keep your thumb on.

The third layer stats, those are the ones that only matter when the second layer stat is [ __ ] and you need to break it down a little more for what's making it [ __ ] you understand? the bottleneck analysis is then, as i mentioned, just to reiterate from there, intended to help you laser focus on which one is easiest to double. Sure, your opt-in rate might suck. Sure, your link clickthrough rate might suck. Sure, your show rate might suck.

But which one do you actually want to put attention on? because again, where attention goes, results flow. Doubling up one of them is going to double up the rorowaz, double up the quantity of people that make it through, assuming all the other stats hold the same after i double it. You get what i mean? it's kind of like a game of whack-a-ole.

You don't want to try to whack all the moles at once, otherwise you miss most of the moles. You want to try to whack one at a time, isolate your attention through it. That way, you get a far better result in a shorter duration of time. So anyway, these four things are what i've chosen to present to you here on youtube today at no cost to help increase the odds that you have consistency, predictability while you're in the process of scaling up big. I want to be very fair and openly disclosing.

I'm not one of those guys that sits here and tries to give you literally everything that i know. Quite the opposite, i actually withhold a tremendous amount of information here on youtube that i leave for everybody who joins into my paid programs, which you can find links for down in the description. So, if you would like to know all of the details of each one of these things independently and all the other ones that i've left out intentionally this video, check out the links down in the description for my different offers and pick the one that seems best for you. In the meantime, go consume all the other videos on my channel. They're all bangers oriented towards helping you get richer.

But again, i can't stress this enough. There's a very low probability that you actually make any money at all. So, we in no way, shape, or form make incomes claims, earning potential claims, or guarantee any kind of increase in revenue as a result of watching any one of these. These are all just lessons passed down from people who have been there, done that, that have gotten results from these kinds of things that we put for bite-size clips here for you on youtube. So, anyway, go consume those, subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already, and go get richer.

Boxing.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Make Your Fulfillment Better Than 99% Of Businesses (At Scale)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_YwdxNxcWI
CATEGORY: Operations
============================================================

One question you'll definitely have and rightfully so on your way to million-dollar months or tacking on that next million month is fulfillment related questions. You're going to want to be excellent and extremely efficient as you fulfill. That way you can remain lean and high profit. An illusion of a lot of smaller people who have never hit these kinds of numbers is that getting to a larger number isn't going to be as profitable. And that's a justification for those little small fries to stay small.

But as you grow, getting bigger can absolutely [ __ ] you if you aren't efficient and lean and trying to keep a few of the best practices that we'll talk about in today's video in mind as you start to fulfill when scaling up. For all those who don't know, my name's jeremy haynes. Welcome to the channel if you're new. All we talk about around here is cracking that first million a month or adding that next million a month. We don't make any income claims, though.

We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether there's any probability for you to go out there and make money with anything that we can teach and talk about. So, we don't make any kind of claims. All we do is hand down lessons from people who have been there, done that. Everything is completely up to you. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that there's a 0.1% probability 0.1 of ever hitting $10 million a year, let alone a million a month, which would obviously be a smaller probability.

So, long story short, no income claims, no earning potential, just lessons. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you here with us today. Without further ado, let's get started. This question comes up quite frequently and i'll use the context of what we do over here in my organization at megalodon marketing.

Allow me to go into a few different payment processors we have. I'm going to tell you my monthto-date churn rate. First of all, in terms of the total quantity of people, there is 168 active subscribers on this specific offer. Last month's churn was 2.56% monthtodate. Today's churn in terms of today's date, which is late october at this time i'm filming this, 4% total churn rate.

If i do our yearto date, our yearto date last year sat at 8.45%. This year's churn rate is at 4%. We are substantially more scaled up this year compared to what we were last year. Just to put that in perspective, if we go to my all-time churn rate, our all-time churn rate again currently sits at that 4%. Generally, it sits at 3.5.

Um, to be clear, we had to kick out three new people. We had 16 new people join a recurring offer that we have in a month, and i'd say three of those people were wrong. Um, and we kicked them out. We refunded them as a result of that. So, that artificially inflated my churn a bit, but again, generally, we sit at about a 3-ish percent, 3.5 um, total churn.

Now, to be clear, historically, it's been higher cuz historically i didn't have the lessons and the best practices that i've implemented into my business since. So, again, this these lessons i've learned them from clients over the years who operate at scaled levels. And in addition to that, you know, i've learned a few the hard way myself. So, the first thing i want to make extremely clear is digital leverage. Now, digital leverage, especially when we're filming this right now, comes in all different shapes, form, and sizes.

Okay? let me be clear on a few of them. First one that i have specifically for my offer is i call digital jeremy. So right now while i sit here and talk to you, you're interacting with digital jeremy. Obviously while i'll film it in real time, i'm real life jeremy, of course, but digital jeremy is the one that you're literally interacting with and learning from right now.

Really put that into perspective. Scroll down a little bit. And depending on the time that you watch this specific video, there may be dozens of views, there may be thousands of views, hopefully more than that. But to be clear, that means that just like you sitting here right now, there's however many other people have viewed this video at the time you just saw that stat that have also interacted with digital jeremy. Real life jeremy took time to sit down, capture this moment, and now it lives on forever as long as we keep that video online.

There's a lot of power in that if you really think about it cuz there's not just this one iteration of digital jeremy that you're sitting here watching right now. Think about how truly many digital jeremies there are in this given moment. There's digital jeremy's for every single youtube video that you can see on my channel literally right now. There's digital jeremy in the form of tweets. Digital jeremy in the form of the [ __ ] we post on linkedin.

I think linkedin's a hellscape. I'll never log into there. Anyway, digital jeremy's also on instagram right now getting in front of high couple hundred thousand and maybe low millions of people over the course of a month. Digital jeremy is talking to people right now and all the course videos and education company material that we have. Digital jeremy is in written form in all our sops that people are probably sitting here reading literally right now while i sit here and talk to you.

Digital jeremy is in our onboarding videos. That's somebody who likely just bought is going through literally right now. Digital jeremy is in the form of our emails holding somebody's hand and walking them through something that they need to do. Digital jeremy comes in many different ways, but here's what i do know. Digital jeremy saves real life jeremy from having to do all the things that digital jeremy's doing right now at one time.

Really think about that. Because as soon as you do actually think about it and you put some serious thought into it, you'd put a lot more serious thought and time into it because of how much leverage there is just in that one action. One recent iteration and arguably one of my favorite iterations is incorporating what we call jeremy ai into our different offers that we have. I remember i think it was earlier this last week i was talking to somebody on a one-on-one call where they were asking me is having an ai clone of yourself valuable and and worth the cost. I answered with [ __ ] yeah and then i started sharing my screen.

And i'm not logged into that software on this, so i can't show you. But maybe we can grab a screenshot and throw it in here for how much time it's created, how many messages it's answered, and how many conversations it's had. In terms of messages, if i'm not mistaken, i think it was in the 30,000s. Again, i might be mistaken, but long story short, it was only a couple hundred users. It was like 400 something users, i think, at the time that i last looked that were having active conversations with it.

In terms of the total conversations, that was in the low tens of thousands. Really think about that. I've had that tool since february of this year while i sit here and film this video. It's been less than a year and it's saved me from that amount of conversations. It's saved me from that amount of messages.

It's in terms of that statistic that it claims of the time created. I assume that means literally time that it's otherwise saved me that i would have otherwise had to spend answering those questions. Jeremy ai is [ __ ] awesome. We get incredible feedback from it at the highest levels of our inner circle members, clients to the lowest levels and more entry levelvel people that are inside of some of my lower tier offers and programs that have access to it. It's [ __ ] sweet.

But why is it sweet? well, here's kind of the interesting thing that creates a lot of leverage for us as time continues to pass. Everything i do is generally documented. Whether it be one-on-one calls, consulting calls, client calls, whether it be training videos, whether it be sops for my internal organization, for members of our communities, for students, for clients, generally every single thing that i do, including all my my communication on platforms. Did you know you can export every single message you've literally ever sent, every voice note you've literally ever sent on all platforms like imessage?

you can do this, you could do this on telegram, you could do this on your social channels. And you can import all those. All this becomes assets. Like you've probably heard that [ __ ] like data is the new oil, right? data is the new oil.

Well, this is a great example of that in real time. In this case, my specific jeremy ai bot that we have is trained on tens of millions of data points. Okay? and it continues to grow. Literally every single day i work, every single day i continue to accumulate more training videos, tr more content, more information, right?

more messages and all that gets exported at the end of every day and imported into it to train in the following day. So our ai is literally one day behind real jeremy. Okay? and the ability to interact with it is in message, right? so you can text it, you could call it, you can have video calls with it.

And it saves real jeremy from having to do those things. Okay? this is very important you understand this because at the end of the day, most organizations from what i've seen and experienced, they don't have digital leverage. They don't have a digital versions of themselves. They if they do, it's very poorly built out.

Like meaning there's very little of it that exists. Okay. Creating more and more digital jeremies like a [ __ ] army of digital jeremies is something that i keep top of mind throughout every single day because i'm attempting to create more leverage for myself. What does digital leverage mean? so, let me put this in perspective every time.

Like, let's use my new half circle product. It's half the cost of jeremy's inner circle. It doesn't include one-on-one calls. It doesn't include in-person mastermind access. It includes everything else, though.

It includes everything else. Why? cuz everything else is scalable. Everything else is something that i, real jeremy, don't have to be involved with. And therefore, it's something that we can sell to people.

Now, to be clear with the half circle, we still have a fuckload of qualifications, right? cuz we still put you inside of the jeremy's inner circle group with all the other really highle people. And we're not going to let a bunch of turds in there just so i can make more money. We still protect the asset. But again, it just doesn't include the things that are finite.

Okay? and this is another key thing that you really have to understand. You have to know what is finite ahead of time. You know, just recently, we had one of my newer inner circle members, his name's ben. We gave ben a million dollar a month trophy.

He spoke at our recent q4 mastermind here at our facility in miami where i'm talking to you right now. Ben had talked about the fact on stage that one lesson that he learned was he couldn't include one-on-one in his offer. He said the one-on-one wasn't scalable. So, he chose to take it out entirely in order to scale the offer that much more. And that was a great decision for him.

That took him from like 200k a month to a million a month. That was one of the lessons he shared in what got him his trophy. Okay. But here's the thing. When you look at like jeremy's inner circle in comparison, i leave the finite things in there and we just crank up the price because we know it's finite.

So, i'll give you a great example of this, right? we've way back in the day in 2019, jeremy's inner circle was only 1,500 bucks a month. It didn't include everything that it has today. And it wasn't as valuable as what it is today cuz it was at the very start of it. And once we had enough people join, we cranked it up to 2k a month.

And then enough people joined, we went to 3k a month and then 4k a month and then 5k a month and then 6k a month. And in the month where we were charging 6k a month, we still had 16 new people join. As you can imagine, from a math perspective, that's not sustainable. I i literally have to increase the price as a friction point, right? we used to not have an annual commitment on the inner circle.

You could technically call it monthtomonth back in the day. Now it's an annual commitment. We won't sell you unless you commit on being there for a year. Why? because again, we are actively trying to get more people to say no cuz too many people say yes.

We are very good at our jobs, okay? which is a whole different point i'll talk about here shortly. But for now, what i want you to understand is i crank the price up for two reasons. Too many people join in and we need to slow down the quantity of people that join in. As a result, the churn again sits at about a 3.5% annualized churn.

Very rarely does anybody actually drop out. And obviously the quantity of people that join far exceed the quantity of people that drop out. And there's a limitation on the amount of one-on-one time. It's finite. And there's a limitation on how many people i can fit here at the facility.

So, as a result of that, the price has to go up. In both ben's example and in my example, we're both aware that what we are selling has a finite component to it. He chose to remove his finite component. I did the same in the half circle offer in in jeremy's half circle, which is again an amazing [ __ ] program. We removed the part that was finite from that and now people can join into it and there's a lot more people.

We can sell as many people as we want into that. Now, we'll still qualify and vet, make sure they're the right people, but in the full jeremy's inner circle. Yeah. I mean, the price on that went up. At the time i literally sit here and film this right now, we added we went up to 10k a month on that, if you can believe that.

And guess what? right after we went to 10k a month, we still had another person joined in 2 days later. Right? it's like the thing is when the price goes up, i want you to understand this. I, as the number of people that have joined in grows, and as i've gotten paid more, find more ways to be capable of delivering.

You know, magically more calendar space opens up from me when i get paid more money. It makes it more worth it to do more one-on-one. In addition to that, here is a perfect example with this facility. I had to get this facility after our q3 mastermind. So, i had less than 3 months between the q3 mastermind and the q4 mastermind to get this into what you see it as today to be able to host that october event.

In july, we had the q3 mastermind. I realized, wow, we're [ __ ] we got to get a bigger place. That week, i got this place and then literally two and a half months. Ripped a [ __ ] good couple hundred grand into this piece and got it to the point where we could do that event mid-occtober for our q4 mastermind. Well, i did that and i endured all that time and effort and i had the money to be able to do it because we charged a fuckload more money to the finite resource that we offer being in person for a mastermind, right?

and again, at 10k a month, if i have to go through the process again, it is not in any way, shape, or form something i'm enthusiastic about. But if you give me a handful more people that pay 10k a month and that number continues to grow month over month over month, i'll endure the process of going and getting a bigger facility again. I'll endure the cost, the time and the effort, the 12 to 14 hour days, the infinite amount of [ __ ] contractors i had to deal with, the stress of it all cuz i'm getting paid well to do it, you know? and that's what you have to understand about things that are finite. Number one, you got to either remove them or you have to be able to charge more as the resource becomes more scarce.

Think about it like that, okay? anybody who's kept a finite resource in their offer over a broader duration of time and does not increase the price andor does not remove it obviously smacks into a ceiling where they feel underpaid, overworked, and it doesn't feel worth it. Every time i got to do more of anything that's finite and i'm getting paid more to do it as time goes on, i feel [ __ ] no in any way, shape, or form negative emotion from having to do that. Okay, it kind of brings me to my next point. So, first of all, a players, okay, i hate working with losers.

I hate it. I hate being c players. I hate donkeys. I don't i don't even want there's there let me backtrack a little bit because y'all might not actually understand this terminology of donkey. It's not just a derogatory term.

Okay, there's actual story behind it. So, it was i think 2017 or 2018. I had this event out in beverly hills and we got a big old house and we had a bunch of speakers come to it. We had about 150 people attend and we we had seven, eight and nine figure earners who were making money get on stage and tell us like some lessons, you know, like what they do to get there. And one guy in particular, his name is anthony.

And anthony gets on stage. He's one of the nine figure guys. And he starts giving this lesson surprisingly about staff out of all things, which is surprisingly a commonality you see amongst like the highest earners. They talk about this the most. Anyway, long story short, he starts saying that there's three types of staff.

He says there's stallions, camels, and donkeys. Okay, stallions he articulated as exactly what a real life stallion is. Powerful, strong. Give it a direction to go and get the [ __ ] out of its way. Okay, you do not want to be in the way of a stallion.

You want to be able to contain a stallion at best. Okay. In the context of staff, he compared stallions to a players where all you got to do is give them a goal, give them a direction, give them what they need to get there, and like they're on their way. Don't [ __ ] bug them in between. Just ask them if they need help as they go and they'll probably tell you to [ __ ] off cuz they're doing it just fine.

Okay, a players, you don't need a lot of a players to have a lot of power. Okay, that's the best part about a players. They cost a lot more. Stallions are expensive. Okay, they cost a lot more is what anthony was saying.

But again, they're always worth it because they're self-reliant and they're extremely powerful and they do the work of what many horses would do in one massive [ __ ] stallion. Okay? then he talked about camels. Now, he didn't talk about camels in a negative way. Camels are just a different animal.

Camels are people who require a leader to tell them where to go and kind of hold their hand along the way. If you think of a real life camel, you've probably never seen a real life camel just doing something on its own. Usually, when they're on their own, they just kind of sit around and [ __ ] off. You know, they don't do anything. They just lay around.

They're very self-reliant, but you know, they don't do anything when they're not being led somewhere. Now, comparatively, when they're being led, that's why they're in the deserts. They are extremely reliant for extremely long durations of time over long distances. But again, somebody has to take them in a specific direction and consistently encourage them, be there, be present in order for them to go in that direction to get from a to b. Camels are reliable.

You want some camels, too. But you got to remember like camels require you to treat them like a camel. They require you to lead them. You can't treat a camel like a stallion, and you can't treat a stallion like a camel. And then anthony talks about donkeys and he gets to this point where he says, "you know, most of you likely haven't experienced a donkey outside of a zoo." he goes, "donkeys are not very productive animals." he goes, "that's why you very rarely ever see them on farms.

Donkeys are like a novelty animal. If you go to buy a donkey, they're some of the cheapest animals that you could technically buy because they're extremely frustrating to work with. They're extremely frustrating to manage. You generally have to beat a donkey to get it to do whatever you want it to do. Not a reliable creature, not a reliable animal, not something that you generally want to have when you're attempting to be your most productive in a place in a setting like a farm.

As an example, i'm sure that you have some donkeys that you can reflect on that are either unfortunately in your current staff that you're tolerating or people that you've unfortunately had to work with in the past. Donkeys are something that you want to become intolerable of. In the words of anthony, he claims that donkeys can obviously be very catastrophic for organizations. If a stallion's around a donkey, it can make the stallion think less of himself because a stallion thinks, well, why am i not around a bunch of other incredibly powerful creatures, right? incredibly powerful creatures love to be around other incredibly powerful creatures.

And as a result of that, they generally act and are more productive and more powerful. So anyway, long story short, a player town is something you want to obviously consider when it comes to fulfillment. Fulfillment is very simple to understand. The intention of fulfillment is to get the outcome that the person who paid you paid you for. That's all it is.

Don't over complicate it further than that. When you look at the outcomes that people paid you for, they obviously want the result as fast as they can get the result. Now, you need to be able to optimize around two things, okay? speed and the actual outcome. And when you look at these two things and you simply consider what are the best ways to be able to accomplish the outcomes my people pay me for, and you factor in, well, they want the outcome fast, they might also want the outcome consistently.

So, as an example with any recurring product, that's why our churn rate is so low. That's why we've gotten it lower as every year continues to go on because we continue to optimize around these three variables. These three variables are critical to think with when you're hiring a player talent. When you're looking at what to digitize, when you're going to create your version of digital jeremy or your version of ai, jeremy, you want to make sure you factor in what is necessary for me to do in order to get people the outcome they want as consistently as they want it and in the fastest way of getting it and at the same time being able to for you from a consistency perspective maintain being able to do it. Okay.

When you think like this with fulfillment, everything generally becomes pretty obvious, right? like what this generally leads to is clarity on the offer itself, right? like sometimes people ask me questions at a high level where they're like, "what should i actually include in my offer?" and i'm like, "well, what do people want? what are people hiring you for as an outcome?" and then what are the highest probable things that you could give that person or do for that person for them to get the outcome? right?

it's like this is why as an example in jeremy's inner circle, it's a recurring offer. And like i said, like we crank the price to 10k a month. Why do people still confidently pay 10k a month or why do people pay half of that for the half circle? cuz it's an awesome resource that does its job extremely well, right? it's a very, very good example of what i'm sitting here talking to you about.

Okay? not to pitch you, but it's kind of a multi-purpose thing because you'll understand what comes with it. But i want you to understand from the perspective of why i'm going to talk to you about this is mainly so you actually can reflect and think, okay, everything in this guy's offer just helps people get the outcomes in a consistent way and fast. Okay? so, in the main inner circle, it's one-on-one calls, right?

that's one component. And guess what? not everybody books one-on-one calls because not everybody needs them because you can also dm me whenever you need. And generally about three to four times a day, i'll go in and i'll have full-blown conversations with people in dms, right? that way you can get the questions that you need answered.

But guess what? i sit down in real life, like again, you're interacting with digital jeremy right now, but real life jeremy's the one filming this. Real life jeremy isn't answering messages right now. So what else do we include? jeremy ai.

You can message jeremy ai. He'll give you an answer instantly. You can talk on the phone with jeremy ai. And guess what? like i said, it's really [ __ ] good.

It's really good. We get consistently great feedback from people that it answers in very similar ways, if not the same way that i would answer myself. It can hold people accountable. It can cuss you out. It can call you stupid if you need it.

It can also just tell you every single answer that i'd be able to tell you. And honestly, generally in a lot more depth on an ongoing basis compared to what real jeremy will tell you because real jeremy optimizes around efficiency. Jeremy ai optimizes around depth and making sure that you continue the conversation with them. Something to consider. Outside of those things, those are technically what we call jeremy components of the offer.

Now, we talk about some of the more scaled things outside of jeremy ai are weekly group calls. So, what is the value of the weekly group call? it's not just random [ __ ] we talk about. This is really important you understand this. It's the farthest thing from random [ __ ] there's patterns that happen in the group all at once where people have a collective problem.

We don't have something for it yet. Weekly group call, we'll talk about it in depth. We'll give the people what they need and then collectively as a group, they move on to the next problem. Happens like clockwork. You solve an issue for them and as we know, some people don't know this, it's an infinite amount of [ __ ] problems.

There's no world where you all of a sudden reach a point where there's no more issues. You have to consistently solve problems. We know that there'll consistently be a new problem that we don't have training material for yet that we will craft new training material for. We know that that new training material will then solve their problems and then we'll go back and we'll look and identify what the next problem is and repeat that same cycle all over again. Now, there's one other component to this specific pattern that i want to make extremely clear that we do.

Again, in jeremy's inner circle is a great example. We don't just give one version of a consumable for it. As soon as we have a weekly group call, you can talk to jeremy ai about it. You can message real jeremy about it. You can go into the group chat and ask questions about it.

And there's a bunch of other people like you who have been there, done that, or alongside of you right now, right? having the same issues, and y'all can talk about it there, too. We don't just stop there. We have sops generally on these same things. So, we have written versions of all this stuff.

You understand my point? so, we have multiple consumables and multiple ways to help achieve the outcome. That way, we're not forcing somebody into the same box. You remember that game that you had when you were a little tiny baby and it had the little shapes and it gave you an opportunity to try to fit those shapes into the right corresponding shape, right? like you had a cylinder.

Technically, that might be able to go into all three of these, but you'd logically put it in the circle. You had a little cube, you know, you'd put it in the square. My point is, it's the same thing here, right? you probably have a handful of different types of buyers that are inside of your offer at a given time. And you constantly trying to bias towards what you exclusively do to learn things or what you exclusively would think needs done to have the fulfilled outcome that they bought is likely a deficiency.

What you'd instead want to do is you'd want to have multiple ways for the same outcome to occur. Okay, so back to my offer stack that i'm telling you about. The weekly group call solves that problem. Then it gets turned into a bunch of other stuff. The sops.

We have so many [ __ ] sops. Dozens and dozens and dozens of sops. And they're not like short little sops. A handful of them are. A majority of them are dozens of pages.

Some of them are over a hundred pages. These are super in-depth. Now, why? well, first of all, they can read them. They can give them to their staff.

They can also throw them into an llm of their preference to take the concept of that training material and put it into a place they prefer. Again, it goes back to the shape analogy. You understand? so, here's my point. Okay.

Outside of all that, okay, one-on-one, the ability to dm me, jeremy ai, weekly group calls, okay, all the sops, we have more because there's more ways that we can get people outcomes and results. And we want that probability to exist at the highest rate possible. Okay, we have our quarterly masterminds. The masterminds, it's incredible to me when i get in front of all these people at once and i say, "all right, guys. I'm going to cover this lesson real quick.

I did a weekly group call on this. How many of you watched it?" like half the room will raise the hand. The other half won't. Sometimes it's less than half. Sometimes like a third of the room will be like, "yeah, i watched that one." the other two/3s didn't.

What's that go to show you? it goes to show you that the information has to be presented in multiple ways. It goes to show you that the outcome has to be able to get produced in more than one way. The consumption has to occur in more than one way. It's a big deficiency to only have one way.

Okay? we get the opportunity to network. People break into pods. They make lifelong friends. They make they do business with each other.

They get the opportunity to ask questions to each other. They get to approach people from all income ranges and learn so much [ __ ] they get to talk to me for an extended period of time. They get to meet me in person. They get to come to the facility and learn from all the people that we put on stage in front of them. They get to have great food, too.

They get to travel to miami. We do that four times a year. Of course, if you can't come, doesn't matter. We got three different 4k cams mounted to the ceiling with incredible audio to be able to live stream it. If you can't watch it live, who gives a [ __ ] you can watch the recording.

If you can't watch the recording cuz that's too inefficient for you, talk to jeremy ai about the recap. You see what i'm saying? you want to optimize around efficiency. Okay, so here's the thing. One big issue that generally happens time and time again when you look at fulfillment is there's a lack of efficiency.

Okay, there's a lack of you trying your best to get people outcomes in super in-depth ways and to also be able to say whatever you're trying to say in very simple terms. Okay, there's people who don't even watch these videos. They just take the video and they read like an executive summary version of it from chatgpt in some chrome extension or maybe chatgpt itself or whatever other llm they have. Some of y'all aren't watching this on the regular speed. Some of y'all are watching this on 2x or 3x speed.

Good for you. Right? my point is, some of y'all aren't even watching these entire videos. Some of y'all watch like a couple minutes of them and are like, "yep, that's all i need and i'm out." right? and that's what i'm trying to articulate to you at all points in your fulfillment process.

You have to be optimizing around the outcome, the speed of that outcome, and the consistency of that outcome. And that generally means that you got to factor in efficiency to it. You can't just have super in-depth assets. You can't just have super [ __ ] long ways to produce results. You got to have ways that cut that out and save the other person as much time as possible and still be able to achieve it.

You get what i'm saying? okay. The masterminds, the live streaming of those masterminds, the recording of those masterminds. That leads into the next point, which is a massive [ __ ] course vault. Massive.

If i'm not mistaken, it's more than a thousand videos now because we got all the weekly group calls. We got all the mastermind talks. We have dozens of other modules, right? back-end selling systems. We have modules on personal brand university.

We have modules on sell the agency from mr. Judge grant. We have modules in there for so many different things. Sales trading modules, uh, little ais, all kinds of different functions from nadn to chat gbt, major llms, vo3, nano banana. We have so much random [ __ ] the master internet marketing classes.

There's so much content. So much content. And every single video below each video, we have the time codes for that video. So somebody could go in there, be curious, watch videos that way, or they can talk to what we call the content finder box. So when you look at efficiency, okay, there's plenty of different ways to think of efficiency, but one way that i like to think of it, especially nowadays, our ai tools, our content finder bot's a great example of that.

Every single video, every single sop, every single financial model we have, whatever it is, it is inside of our content finder bot. You can just tag the content finder bot and say, "send me everything on messaging. Send me everything on recruiting closers. Send me everything on this complex random shit." and it'll pull every single individual video training and every single sop that covers that specific topic and give you a little summary and the link to access it. That's an example of an ai tool that optimizes around efficiency.

That way we don't have to just tell people, hey, go into the training portal, go to this module, navigate for this specific video, which might be like nine pages deep cuz that specific module might have a fuckload of videos in it. That's inefficient, right? efficiency is use the content finder bot, go to the channel, tag it, it'll find it for you. Okay? even more efficient than that, again, back to jeremy ai.

You can just talk to jeremy ai about it. It's the fastest and most efficient way to get answers. Another thing in the offer stack, our active, very active community chat. Jeremy's inner circle is one of the most active community chats i've ever participated in for a mastermind group. It's insane.

I sometime i bet when i stop this video, i'm probably behind like 40 messages on a lot of [ __ ] happens in that group. It's not necessarily tough to keep up on, but you have to stay active in it to truly get the most value out of it. But here's the other cool part. We host it in telegram. Why?

because telegram has efficiency tools. You can click on the group name at the top of the chat. Everything's organized, whether it be media, files, voice notes. You can have a search function to go and look up. Just the other day, a guy comes in there, he had a question about gamma docs, cuz we use gamma docs as a way to build trust assets and sales assets as an alternative consumption mechanism to use in the sales process.

This guy comes in, no one was talking about gamma. He asks a question, doesn't really get an answer. I tell him, i'm like, "hey man, use the search function at the top of the group. Type gamma in." there's a long history of a fuckload of conversations related to gamma. He goes back, uses that search function, reads through all those historical conversations, actually responds to one one of them, and immediately starts the conversation again relative to what he specifically had that wasn't previously talked about.

But he was able to catch up on the history of that conversation because it's stored in a place that's efficient, easy to use, and functional. Guess what? this is also really important to understand. A lot of value comes from the group chat itself and the other members, not just me. Although i'm the biggest perpetrator of resources in the group, people contribute resources and value to it all the time cuz it's a mastermind group.

And that's a concept of a mastermind. Now, just to be clear, we follow these same principles when we look at our agency side, too. Everything that we do as a marketing agency is also optimized around these same outcomes. Speed, efficiency, the outcomes, consistency in the result, it's the same stuff, just the client's less involved. So, when we move up the ladder to a done for you offer, obviously there's less involvement from the client and we optimize even more around their efficiency and even more around the speed and volume of outcome that we can produce.

Here's my whole point with this, okay? generally, when people are trying to fulfill, they don't think with any of this [ __ ] and they end up with an extremely bloated staff that sucks to run and be a part of. I was a victim of that back in the day. I had over 27 staff. I had three offices and i put them on opposite coasts of the united states.

One was in beverly hills, one was in miami, and i'd fly back and forth literally every week. It was [ __ ] exhausting. I'd go to bed at like 3:00, 4 in the morning, wake up at 8:00 a.m. And have to do it all over again. I felt like a professional babysitter, slightly better paid.

I had so many people ask me questions all the time. My to-do list never ended and it compounded against me. My stress was extremely high. Chronically fatigued and exhausted and chronically overstressed. My point is that game came to an end.

I had abruptly had to let go of a majority of those people had people i had to pay out. Had a hundred plus,000 and refunded deals that we fired cuz we couldn't deal with it. It was too stressful of a game. And you know why i stumbled into that position? because every time that i had something that i needed help with, i wouldn't think with efficiency, i would just hire somebody to do it.

And after we'd hire somebody to do it, if it was maybe a one-off thing for them to do, but we hired them on the payroll, we would need to justify their payroll. So, we'd go sell more people into that specific service, which might not even be the best thing for us to sell. A lot of people, i'll give you a great example of this with your sales teams. Your sales team ends up running your business. Their incentive is close more people because they get paid on a gross percentage of revenue and you obviously get paid on a net percentage of revenue as the business owner.

And so what ends up happening is your sales people will constantly tell you, "oh, we're about to have so and so quit because we can't fill their calendars. If you don't have the money or if you don't have the willingness or you're too stressed or whatever it is to fill their calendar up or not profitable enough to fill their calendar up and you choose not to fill their calendar up, great. That's the better decision than sacrificing the dollars to fill their calendars just to keep somebody on the staff, right? efficiency would mean that you have to make hard decisions that are sometimes emotional and involve people. It's a tough thing to get to.

It dehumanizes you a little bit. Here's the good news. Where we're at now in this day and age, you have a fuckload of tools, mainly ai tools, that can infinitely provide more efficiency than what most human beings ever could. The best role to typically hire for nowadays when it comes to fulfillment is somebody who's knowledgeable and capable of leveraging ai tools to be able to deploy them on your business's behalf so you can avoid payroll costs and inflating expenses. If you optimize around profitability from the beginning, that generally means that you're optimizing around a lean team, low payroll, efficiency, leverage through digital tools, ai, and all of these different things that are available to you nowadays to avoid bloating your overall expense.

Income fluctuate, expenses generally stay the same because most people cling to the status of their expenses. There's emotion in your expenses. It's tough to let it go. So therefore, you'd want to avoid the expenses in the first place and try to optimize around the efficiency of it all. When you officially get to the point where you master these three variables: speed, outcomes, consistency, and you couple all of that with the master underlying principle of efficiency, it's really hard to [ __ ] up fulfillment.

Your offers become clear, what to do becomes clear, and instead of hiring people, you deploy tech. You deploy digital versions of you, and you start to leverage what all the possibilities are to us made available through ai nowadays. When you think with these kinds of things. This is a video that goes over some of my favorite lessons when it comes to fulfillment best practices. Of course, there's many more, but i'm not going to teach you those for free on youtube.

I withhold those for the people who actually spend money with those. Down in the description of this video, you can find links to two different things. Number one, jeremy's inner circle. Even if you want the half circle that i talked about in this video where it cost half as much, you still got to go through jeremy's inner circle application. There's a link for that down below.

Check it out. There's a vssl that's very descript. I start by saying the price of 10k a month and i go into depth about the half circle and what comes with the full inner circle and how to justify it. There's also a bunch of videos on that page you can watch from members and their experience and some of what they've generated as results. And there's also a massive disclaimer to remind you even that program after you pay us doesn't have any guaranteed income earning claims or earning potential.

We just simply give you resources lessons from people who have been there done that so you can turn around and try them yourself to get results in your life and business. The other offer is what's called master internet marketing. Phenomenal program. We update it annually. We just recently did the entire update.

We rebuilt the class from the ground up. It's phenomenal. Seven weeks of extremely in-depth classes. They're generally about 3 to 5 hours of class. It's a couple dozen, sometimes a couple videos in between each class.

Sometimes sops that we need you to consume. That way, you come out the other side of true master of internet marketing. You can preview week one of the past cohort. So, not the most recent cohort, but the past cohort's live class to get an idea of how it is and whether you are going to benefit from that type of education product. And of course, whether you take any of those actions or not, go check out the videos on my youtube channel here.

I've created for you. Subscribe to the channel, like the video, comment your feedback on this. If you like this style of video, i'm happy to make more of them. I have a lot of fulfillment lessons i can hand down to you. But i generally try to talk to you specifically about the lessons related to scaling up because in almost all instances, scaling up will solve a lot of your fulfillment problems, too, because you'll have more money to make it all easier and exploit a lot of these things that we've talked about.

Because here's what i didn't tell you. The time, effort, and cost of doing a lot of these things can also be excessive. And generally, the solution is still the same. Get a fuckload richer. So, i hope you go out and do that.

Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Maximize Show-Up Rates For Challenge Funnels
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eus1rfs0gs
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

One of the most important things about your virtual event is that people actually show up for it. And if you watched any of the other videos in this master class series on challenge funnels and 3-day virtual events, we've talked at length about what to do to get people to show up, but in more of a fragmented way. So, what i've done for you in order to organize the efficiency of your learning so you can maximize your dollars that come out the other side of this funnel is where you put it all together inside of one video for you on how to maximize your show rate. Not just for day one, but for day two and day three as well. That way, you have the highest probabilities to be pitching to the most people possible throughout your virtual event.

Very exciting video for you. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. You're either adding the first million or trying to tack on that next million a month if you're sitting here watching these videos. So, welcome into the channel. But of course, there's no income claims.

There's no earning potential. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability at all to make a dollar with what we're sitting here talking about. Let alone the amount of revenue our clients, inner circle members, and master internet marketing students make. And nor are we even implying that if you bought those offers that you have any chance to make money. We're simply entertaining and educating you right now.

And passing down some game from the people that we've worked with over the years who have done these things at scale. Pleasure to have you here, my friend. And of course, if you are already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute banger for a video. Let's dive in.

So, you know, if you have been here already that i'm a big fan of what i call backend selling systems. So there's a very important thing to consider when you are going through your advertising and your sales process and thinking about it from the mind of a consumer. On the front end, people are in what i like to call scanner mode. Okay? and the front end requires you to understand this.

Most people are looking from a perspective of efficiency. All human beings from an evolutionary psychology perspective have it ingrained into us to conserve our energy. We don't like to expense energy on anything that's not deemed worth expensing it on. Simply put, we're used to having rations. We didn't have unlimited calories.

We didn't have unlimited fuel available to us. Now, in this day and age, we do, but again, human mind hasn't adapted for that. Genetically, dna, our brains, we don't want to do more than what we have to do. So, when people are in the looking at your ad, considering converting on your landing page part of the process, they're just trying to see if it's right for them or not. They're not necessarily sold even when they buy or opt in to the actual challenge or virtual event itself.

They're just willing enough to have essentially said, "yeah, i think that could be for me. That kind of makes sense. Like, i'm willing to give you a shot." but that's why a 100% of people don't show up to the actual virtual event day one itself because they're not sold. And so then you have to get into the logic of what we call backend selling, which good news for you is where a lot of high intent consumption actually occurs. On the backend side of things, they're no longer in scanner mode.

Now they're in what we call the justification phase. Okay? so justifications are how we all get to the point where we make decisions. And you've look, you're a rich guy. I'm sure you can think of all kinds of [ __ ] whether it's a watch or a car or a house or, you know, [ __ ] hiring this person or that person or buying xyz.

The first thing that you do is you just try to bring it to awareness that you're even willing to buy something. And once you have that initial hook in you, what you start to then try to do is justify actually doing it or not. Now, your goal is to understand this concept. We call it the interest spectrum. Okay?

there's four key levels of interest that you got to understand. There's curious, there's general interest, there's a high level of interest, and then there's conviction. Conviction is where deals get done. Anything above conviction, that is where the consumer has willingness to actually buy from you. Now, your goal is to try to assess.

You're probable to have people at all three and maybe even all four of these different levels as they buy your challenge or virtual event or as they opt into it. Now your ideal outcome prior to day one of that challenge starting is to raise their overall level of interest to the highest possible level. Now how do we do that? with information. The right information leads to action.

The wrong information leads to inaction or the lack of information leads to inaction. A lot of businesses and this is really important as an integral belief and perspective you got to have if you're going to get this to work for you and have the highest show rate possible. You got to deeply believe that when you look at somebody who opts in or buys to show up, that they're unsold still, and that they need their interest level raised, that they need that key piece of information to hit them. If you remain in the mindset that they're already sold, well, dude, they already opted in. Jeremy, what the [ __ ] you talking about?

they already bought a ticket. Like, of course, they're probable to show up. It's like, well, no, my friend. Again, that's why you don't have 100% show rates. That's why you're sitting here watching this cuz you know you're full of [ __ ] with that kind of gaslighting belief.

Makes no sense as a foundational view to have. And if you don't remove that view, none of what i'm going to sit here and tell you is going to make sense for you, okay? cuz you're just going to look at it from that same perspective of like, >> oh, people are probably to show up anyway they already bought. >> so anyway, back to my point. Okay, so we have whole videos on this channel dedicated to back-end selling systems.

Each one independently and in addition to that videos where i talk about them collectively as a system. Now, let me just be clear on what these are so you guys understand. There's four of them that we like to use. Okay? and these four specifically each on their own has had tremendous impact.

One of them costs money, three of them don't cost money. The one that costs money is called the hammer them strategy. So, the hammer them campaign, just to reiterate it to you, the summary version of it is you're going to take short form and long form content and a whole lot of it at that. You're going to upload the list of people who bought the ticket to show up and you are going to hammer the [ __ ] out of them with content. Again, both short form and long form.

And you're not going to pick random content. You're going to try to pick content that fits what we call these four quadrants. Questions, second layer questions, objections, and expectations. Your goal is to take content just like this and put it in front of people prior to them showing up. Your goal is to buy us both on short form and long form because people have different consumption patterns.

People have different preferences. And yes, long form typically creates higher trust. And so we don't want to exclude that. And short form has a higher probability to reach people and make our points faster. So we want to make sure we have that too.

We take 30 to 50 different pieces of short form content and anywhere from 15 to 30 pieces of long form content and we're going to put it in front of people with what we call a frequency goal. Now, we're going to run these as engagement campaigns optimized for throughplay video views. And there's a very tactical way to set it up properly. I won't bore you with that right now. We save that for people who actually give us money.

I want you to understand the concept right now. This in and of itself, soon as somebody buys, just getting hammered with a fuckload of content, increases the probability dramatically that they show up because you stay in front of them the entire time from the time they purchased to the time of the actual event. And if you're smart, by the way, you'll take all of what i'm talking about for these back-end selling systems and you'll implement them not only between the ticket purchase and day one, but you'll do it between day one and day two, day two and day three. Okay? but again, we'll talk about that more here shortly.

For now, just understand all of what's possible for you to do to help the show rate improve with that hammer them campaign. You're going to see a lot higher show rate if you actually execute it successfully. And again, imagine i typically tell you as an example in this very series, you want to have upwards of a 60-day promotional cycle if you want as many paid buyers as you possibly can get and also giving yourself some wiggle room to [ __ ] up a little bit, fix things, and maximize the overall amount of people that buy. Okay, those promotional cycles, those have the highest probabilities to get high thousands of people or maybe even low tens of thousands of people to buy. The shorter the promotional cycle typically, unless you spend a fuckload of money in that short cycle and everything goes really well for you, you have to work in that extra period of time.

That way, you have a higher quantity of people that overall buy. So, again, keeping content in front of them that entire window makes it so they don't forget, right? it reminds them. Okay? and this gets into point number two, which again this is one of the three that does not cost money.

The hammer them is the only one that actually costs some dollars because you have paid advertising spend that you have to distribute out. So we call this second one value dense email sequencing. Now you likely, as most people who run challenge funnels or virtual events will only have reminder emails. Okay? you're going to have a low show rate if you only have reminder emails.

Do you want to have reminder emails? yeah, a [ __ ] course, dude. But do you only want to have reminder emails? no. You want to obviously have things like calendar invites, the reminder email sequences, but you also want to have value dense email sequences.

So the whole concept of this, and again, whole video on this channel dedicated just to this topic, by the way. And for all our paid buyers, we have a massive sop and of course a lot of additional training and email examples that we can show you as it relates to what i'm talking about right now. But back to my point, all you're trying to do is take the things that you want people to know that are genuinely valuable things that get them excited to showing up, that educate them further, that increase their awareness, that raise their interest levels, things that they actually want to know, not a bunch of [ __ ] okay? truly valuable things that they genuinely would find valuable. You want to take those things, you want to write them into the email.

You don't just want to send them out with the expectation that they're going to click to something and consume it. Take what you'd ever have them click through and put it right in the email itself. Email open rates right now sit on average about 50 to 70%. It's [ __ ] awesome. However, click-through rates still sit at historic lows, usually in the single digits for the most part.

So, from that perspective, that's why i give you the pro tip of take whatever you'd otherwise have people click through to and put it right there in the email itself. Now, if you do this again over a broad duration of time where you have such a long drawn out promotional cycle, makes a lot of sense not to blast six a day for 60 days in a row at people for that high of a frequency. But keeping valuable insights and information and keeping people excited no matter where they bought in the process. Pretty important part of the process at that. You then roll into the next part, which is what we call confirmation page best practices.

Now, with these confirmation page best practices, one of the big parts of it is what we call breakout videos. Now, breakout video is pretty simple to understand. If you follow that logic that i talked about up here where i say on the front end, they're in scanner mode and on the back end, that's where their intent and their justifications come into play and they're seeking information. They clearly raised their hand and said, "yeah, you know, i think this could be for me." your job is to nurture that little bit of curiosity or that base level of interest to a higher level. Confirmation pages are obviously right after they pivot into that justification mode where they're seeking more information.

They're intentionally learning. They're trying to further justify this is the right thing for me. I'm committed to this idea. Okay. So on the confirmation pages with breakout videos specifically, that's where we start to showcase single videos at a time, generally one to three minutes long with a whole array of topics that we teach to people in our inner circle program that we teach to people in our master internet marketing program.

Again, links down below in the description for those. But you take these little 1 to three minute videos, you put them onto the page, and we have clients that have upwards of 19 of these. As an example, we have clients that have like three to five of them, right? a lot of you who secret shop my funnels, as an example, when you go to my confirmation pages, you'll see i have anywhere from like three to five, give or take this specific offer, what you're trying to do is you're trying to tell people things, give them insights on things. These are typically some of the most common things that you want people to understand right after they just opted in, and you want to nurture that trust to its highest level.

Besides best practices relating to breakout videos on confirmation pages, there's a whole slew of other things, but again, i won't sit here and bore you with that. There's whole videos on my channel dedicated to that topic in itself. And of course, again, we have a lot of stuff inside of our paid offers. Now, the final thing, the sdr best practices, right? otherwise known as the setter best practices.

These guys matter a lot when it comes to improving show rate. You have a human being that manually reaches out to you. Or if you have a really good ai service that can mimic what a setter can do and it actually sounds like a real person and doesn't have that delay that most of the ai services do, you can use that too. But again, just to be clear, you ideally want to double dial people, get a hold of them, text them. And the job with this specific best practice as it relates to backend selling systems is to try to tailor information to that specific person that you're talking to, right?

look them up online. Look at any application data. Look in the crm. Try to just find things out about them or on the phone, try to ask a few strategic questions about why they're specifically interested in whatever the topic is of your upcoming virtual event and take a list. They should have a monster list of well organized, categorically organized resources and sales assets and trust assets that they can tailor a list of for that person that they're talking to.

So the conversation's like, "hey, wanted to see what got you interested and you know this whole topic in the first place." like what's what's piqu your curiosity here? oh, i'm interested because of okay, great. Well, hey, if i told you, by the way, that i've got a few things that could help with before the event even starts. Would you be interested in me sending those over to you? yeah.

Okay. Would you like it via text? would you like it via email? would you like it via both? great.

I'll shoot it over now. Just take a look at it. Looking forward to seeing you. By the way, if you have any questions, like, you know, i work for the organization. It's my it's my cell number.

Just shoot me a message. Be happy to answer anything that you got prior to this whole thing. By the way, i can also hold your hand if you struggle to get access on a particular day, if you need a certain join link, like you know, whatever. Treat me like your support contact in the instance that uh you know, you're interested in doing so. And you know, of course, after the event is done, i'll reach out to you too, right?

and so, you're trying here to establish pre-event communication. That way, by the time the event's over with and maybe that person specifically didn't book a call or didn't do a direct to checkout, no problem. Like your setter's already established communication with them and can strategically hit that [ __ ] up and try to get them to buy. You understand? so, long story short, you implement all these back-end selling systems, you have a much higher probability in and of itself to get a really high day one through day three show rate.

Now, again, just in the context of what i've communicated to you so far, i just want to make sure i reiterate this so you walk away in full understanding of what i'm sitting here talking about to you. Okay? you do these for day one, okay? and you build them relative to how far out you are to make sure that you maximize show rate. You do the same thing for day two, my friend.

Okay? so, between day one and day two, even though it's a really short window, you blast them with a fuckload of content for the hammer them strategy to increase show rates. Okay? you have the setter reach out. Hey, how was day one?

oh, yeah. You liked it. Hey, you coming to day two tomorrow? day two is the most important day. It's the most important day by far.

Make sure you show up. The time it starts is this time. You got any questions, by the way, that you want me to submit to the team to see if they can cover it. Okay, great. Thank you so much.

You know, you have specifically a little bit of value dense email sequences that you can hit them with between day one and day two, but the only one you really lack here is the confirmation page, right? depending on how you execute your challenge. In one of these videos in this series, i don't even remember which one it is at this point. There's so many. I talked about this dashboard concept and how you can have a dashboard that has access to the day one, day two, day three join links, the breakout rooms, the applications that you want people to inevitably fill out, directed checkout links, deposit links to book a call.

Like you have a place like a central place where people can look at a bunch of stuff. You can strategically update the dashboard between day one and day two with some confirmation page best practice assets, but you don't technically have a confirmation page by default between day one and day two. You know what i mean? so anyway, long story short, same concept. Between day two and day three, you hit people again and the communication should adapt relative to what happened between those 72 hours.

So long story short, this is like what the necessities are. Okay? and then from there, there's just a few like sprinkles and cherries on the sunday that you could throw on top, but they're not things that are necessities. And so i won't cover them here on youtube. I say those kinds of things for the people who pay us.

And again, you can check out links down in the description, but at the very least, go check out all the other videos in this series on how to maximize total amount of revenue and get a big old challenge funnel virtual event lumpsum coming your way. Huh? all right, go get richer. Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Pack Your Calendar With Qualified Sales Calls (After Generating 10,000+)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS4H9OjwrEU
CATEGORY: Sales
============================================================

You have a whiny sales team that's coming to you and constantly bitching and whining about the quality of the calls that are getting teed up onto their calendars. Generally, this can happen when you start your paid advertising journey. This can also happen very deep into the game when you've already had a good set of consistent messaging, a good funnel, everything's worked well over the years, then all of a sudden it just doesn't anymore. This can also happen when your sales team has a bias, when they sell to organic leads that are very warm layup type deals. And then in comparison, again, they deal with paid ad leads or just another traffic source where the quality is good, but they're just less warmed up.

This specific video is going to go through the solution that covers all of these different scenarios and consistently tease up qualified sales calls for your people to talk to on the phone so that way you can bank a bunch of pips and make some real money. All we talk about around here on this channel is hitting million-dollar months. So, if you're new, welcome in. Again, that's all we talk about. We hand down the lessons of people who have been there, done that, the good and the bad lessons right here for you in little bite-sized clips on youtube.

So, thank you for being with us. Consider subscribing after you watch today's video. And of course, check out some of the other videos on the channel as well. And of course, if you've already been a subscriber and this is another one for you. Welcome back.

Pleasure to have you with us. Another banger. So, without further ado, also let's just pepper in a quick little income disclaimer. These lessons that we hand down are in no way, shape, or form implying that you're actually going to go out there and make some money, let alone million-doll months, silly. Okay?

these are just lessons. Education and entertainment purposes exclusively. So, again, thank you for being here. Welcome in. Without further ado, let's dive in.

So, when you want to get more qualified sales calls, there's a few key places that you need to look. The two big ones are typically the traffic, and this has all kinds of specific subpoints. This could be the actual audiences. This could also be how they're framed, which really comes down to a messaging perspective. And we'll dig into each one of these.

There's also a few others that can technically impact you just based on traffic, which is also the source. So, if i drive traffic from a youtube video or a linkedin channel through an ad or an organic post, as an example, that could be completely different than an organic audience or facebook and instagram or tik tok audiences as an example, whether paid or organic. Okay? so these sources also can make a big difference, but typically some of the big ones really just come down to these two more so than anything else. The audience types in terms of who you're targeting and messaging.

So channels specifically, give or take which channel you're targeting on nowadays have a strong bias towards broad target. So, if you're like most people who sit here and watch this channel and you are going to be looking at paid advertising or you are already balls deep in the game of paid advertising, spending some serious money, realistically already doing a couple hundred grand a month if you're sitting here watching these videos or you've already cracked a million a month and you're trying to tack on that next million a month. You and i both know where all those paid dollars go to and that's the big dog mr. Zuckerberg over at facebook. What some of you newbies call meta.

Facebook and instagram is typically the dominant platform of most people in terms of advertising dollars. That's where all their ad dollars flow to. And it's for good reason. They got alien level technology over there. It's phenomenal at turning a dollar into more than a dollar with very little testing in most instances.

You can throw a lot of [ __ ] at the wall and it just sticks on that platform. That's the good news. And whether it's for a short duration of time or a long duration of time that you've got to milk that channel, that channel consistently delivers time and time again, especially if you know what you're doing. A lot of the other distribution is nowadays split. You got google adwords which has always been a dominant player.

Google adwords includes the search engine. Google also includes that [ __ ] let me emphasize, dog [ __ ] display network that they've got over there. And they also have youtube, of course, youtube being phenomenal and google search being phenomenal. And then you also have a nice even split nowadays of tik tok. So tik tok's definitely getting some dollars, but not necessarily the most dollars.

I want to be very fair and saying we do have some people that come to us and it's the exact opposite where their dominant platform is google. That's just by far a minority of the time that we see that nowadays less than half simply put majority by far those ad dollars getting sucked into mr. Zuckerberg's pocket. Okay. So from this perspective you have to understand based on whatever your dominating traffic source is dictates what kind of lessons are going to be most applicable to you that i'm about to talk about.

So if you're leveraging broad right which is mainly happening on facebook and instagram nowadays. I had a whole video on my channel dedicated to a recent algorithm update that facebook pulled and it's very simple to understand. When you express interest in literally anything, like meaning you click to an ad and whether you convert or don't convert, every subsequent ad for like a mile of the news feed that you scroll through with damn near no interruption besides the content you see in between ads is going to be the exact same thing that you previously just clicked on andor converted with. They serve you the exact competitors, very similar business types to whatever it is that you just in real time expressed most interest in. So from a perspective of why they push everybody to broad targeting, this is really important to understand.

The big advertisers, the people who spend the most money, they typically nowadays are like the giant shark where you see a big old this is a this is a very bad interpretation of a shark, by the way. Please don't judge me. Uh long story short, i'm hey, i i help rich people get rich. I'm not an artist. Okay.

Anyway, so there's these big old sharks, the big ad spenders, and then there's these little tiny fish. You ever seen a photo of one of those little tiny fish that live on the bottom of a creature, right? they don't survive without the big creature surviving. That's exactly what small advertisers are nowadays. There's just a bunch of little tiny fish, aka the small advertisers, that are living completely off of the large advertisers that are spending the most money.

So the large advertisers, they'll typically still get great results with broad as well. They'll do lookalike stacks. They'll do interest targeting. And on their dime, they are creating markets in most instances. Because here's what happens.

The big advertisers, they're most probable just based on spend and all the lessons that they get to accumulate that the smaller advertisers haven't paid to learn yet or been exposed to. And they reach people first. And as a result of reaching the person, the lead or the potential buyer first, they have the opportunity to convert the individual first. But if it does not work, meaning if that person fails to convert on whatever the big advertiser did, then what happens is is every single small advertiser that does broad targeting gets served up right after. Now, this is really important to understand.

If you are a big advertiser, you have to really focus as much as you possibly can on converting people in that moment. Because if you fail to do so with speed to actually getting them to buy, you have a lot of talk nowadays on sales calls of competitors and all these other options that these leads would historically have been unaware of just based on how the algorithm works nowadays on facebook and instagram. So, as an example of this, even if you book a call and you technically converted the individual, but you have 72 hours in between the call time and the person booking, well, that's 72 hours of content and ads that that individual is highly probable to get targeted by with every subsequent competitor that you have. Now, if you're a smaller advertiser, this is a huge advantage for you because from a messaging perspective, right, when you really look at this as a variable that can dictate lead quality, okay, you have to have something that is slightly differentiated than the largest competitors that are spending the most money in your space to see a dramatic uptick in the quantity of conversions that you're going to receive. So, i'll give you a great example of this.

We have a client where she teaches people how to go and buy businesses. Whether it's acquiring businesses for your existing business to scale quicker or whether it be buying your first business and starting entrepreneurship that way. She teaches how to do it through a community and a course. And that's been her historical offer for years now. She's the largest advertiser by far in that niche.

By far and large, she's the big shark that we just emphasized talking about in that last lesson. Now, all the little small advertisers, they have very subtle differences. The core hook, the promise is essentially the same. We're going to help you buy a business, but how they chose to do it, the unique mechanism and the process to result that they chose to leverage, that's what differentiated and that's what started causing a little bit of chaos. Nothing too crazy.

It was something we were easily able to handle on the client account for the big dog that was spending the most money. But initially, there was a good month or so where those little tiny small fries, they were a real thorn in the side of this client due to the fact that every sales call was technically a qualified lead, but they would show up with a very low probability to actually convert due to the amount of competitors that they were aware of. The sales timelines would be longer as a result of them being aware of more competitors, right? and the mechanisms that the other competitors were offering. As an example, instead of teaching you how to do it, they might literally go and find a business for you to buy, source the capital to buy the business, and then some of them would even go as far as helping you scale the business after you've actually acquired it.

All these new unique mechanisms and processes to produce a result. Simply put, they forced the big shark, the one that was spending the most money, to have to update. The messaging is what then led to a substantially higher qualified sales conversation occurring where a person had much more probabilities to buy. Now, i won't sit here and bore you with all of the specifics of what types of messaging mechanisms were updated. But simply put, it was across the board.

The ads, we had to update the messaging, the funnel, we had to update the messaging, the pre-all email sequences, the breakout videos on the confirmation pages, the hammer them sequence, and the actual sales conversations themselves. Every single thing, every one of those components across the board from the marketing and sales process. We had to look at the messaging and simply conclude what we were historically saying worked for an extremely long duration of time, but the market is now more sophisticated and more aware. And as a result of that, the messaging has to update to what the market currently wants and is thinking, right? and that's the key.

I really want to emphasize that. All you have to do, it's as simple as this. Look at what the market is currently thinking and say what they want out loud. That's the key. That's all it takes.

And so, typically, and i can't stress this enough, whether it be the ads, whether it be the funnel specifically, it's not generally a change in the audience that's going to make a huge difference. Like, that's the mistake that i think a lot of people make when they try to implement this specific lesson. They'll take the same messaging that historically worked and they'll think they just exhausted the audience. Doesn't really make sense, especially when you're operating at scale and you already know that audience is proven and works. It's kind of like a rap artist as an example or anybody that has an audience that they were exposed to at a younger age.

Like i think of drake as a great example of this. I listened to drake all throughout middle school, high school, and it was very interesting. I think he's done this extremely well. It's like as i've aged, it feels like drake's music has also aged with me and it still is very relatable. Great music.

I can listen to damn near everything the guy comes out with and think, dude, this guy, i mean, it just feels like he's making music for me, you know? it's sick. I made so much money listening to drake. But my again my point is is like that as time has gone on his messaging in the music itself in his case the sound of the music as well has literally updated and changed and evolved to where i as the user in this case the audience i think to myself hey this is exactly what i'm thinking this guy's just saying this [ __ ] out loud you know it's pretty cool so again that's my point that's what a lot of businesses fail to do they try to change the audience this is a great example as well you can look at when lil wayne or i think even little uzi at one point tried to do this they switched from what type of music they were historically making to rock and roll. You guys remember rock and roll little wayne, right?

who was really out there [ __ ] with that? okay, i can't think of anybody. It's like if anything, he alienated his core demographic when he chose to do such an audacious thing, right? but to be fair, there's also a great example of people who have pulled that off successfully. So, i'm not sitting here saying it doesn't work.

Great example of this, post malone. Post malone made a specific genre of music for a very long time. Not even sure what genre you technically classify his original albums and catalog in, but through time he transitioned to making some country music. And his country music is rather great. And the point is whatever genre he was originally in, it had a lot of crossover to country.

And that's what's important to understand. People who listen to rap very rarely listen to rock and roll as well, right? it's like, yeah, there's a demographic that does, but again, that vend diagram is a lot smaller versus people who listen to pop and people who listen to country. There's a lot more crossover there. That's why somebody like post malone can pull it off.

So i want to emphasize sometimes to be clear yes you can take your messaging and you can adapt it to a new audience but that that ven diagram has to have some pretty strong crossover right so as an example to just visualize that it's like the rock and roll crossover when you look at these two as an example it's very small right in comparison when you look think of people like taylor swift is a great example of this as somebody who pulls this off well you technically have pop and then you have country i believe if i'm not mistaken beyonce just got awarded like one of the top country music artists. That's another great example of it. Simply put, there's just a tremendous amount of crossover. That's what's important to understand. You see, so when you look at it for what it is, bang, this simply put is when you have the highest probability to take the existing messaging and just kind of roll it over to a different audience type.

Okay? for a by far and large majority of you sitting here and watching this, when you realize that the messaging specifically has been what's problematic for you and that's what needs to change, don't try to change the audience. Try to go and look just like i gave you with the buying business example. The market no longer wanted exclusively these courses and communities the way that they were historically framed to them. They absolutely still wanted it, but they didn't want it the way that it was historically framed through the messaging due to the fact that other people started saying, "hey, >> why would you want to buy a course in community when we could just hand you a business to buy and we could line up the financing for you and then we could help you scale it, >> right?" and so the messaging had to update to, okay, well, now that the market's aware of those options, let's start saying why it's a bad idea to have somebody do it for you and why you need to do it yourself.

Bang. Huge response immediately again because we just simply updated and pivoted how we were communicating what we could do. You see, if i have a pizza shop and there's a giant health kick and people no longer want to buy pizza cuz they think it's unhealthy, you understand? i could just do what a lot of pizza businesses have done over the years. You guys remember the huge trend when they started throwing like vegetables on top of pizza like bell peppers and onions and like sometimes they'd throw things like zucchinis on top of pizzas, right?

they started coming out with veggie pies. Again, my point is is like you don't got to get rid of the product. You don't even got to change audience. You just got to communicate what it is that they want with a different level. Now, to be fair, that same kind of principle when you're not leveraging broad targeting, right, and you're not spending a majority of your dollars on facebook and instagram, it can still apply to the other channels.

But typically, what you see with google adwords, as an example, google adwords is kind of the opposite. Generally, i do have a much higher probability to just take my same messaging and just roll it over to different demographics because typically you'll define very key ad groups on adwords, pocket audiences. You'll find some messaging and page relevance congruency that's working really well and cracking for you. You'll scale it up. You'll become the dominant impression shareholder inside of that specific vertical of ad group ads and whatever page you're converting with.

And then yeah, you do typically just have to take either the same messaging and find other audiences that it can convert with andor the same principle of taking those same ad groups, different ad groups and just applying relevant messaging to each one of those as well. Tik tok's very similar to facebook and instagram to be fair just to point that out. There are cooler targeting options to be fair, but overall it's still a very broad targeting based platform. Okay. Now, funnels specifically, when you look at the actual pages that you're driving the traffic to, that can sometimes cause a pretty significant difference in lead quality.

A great example of this, you typically want to judge based on intent when you're talking about lead quality and sales calls not being qualified. There's a big difference, right? there's financially qualified and then there's intentbased qualification where people just appear too early in the sales process. And that's an important differentiator because they require you to attack it differently. So when you look at intent and just again financial qualification, we can generally get a much higher intent lead through many different things.

Okay, number one, length of application and what types of questions you ask within the application that qualify the lead to get onto the call. Okay, think about this. We had a client, this is a guy that we're consulting with over a little more than a year now. His application has 18 questions in it. He has a rather high cost per qualified call.

He wanted to reduce the cost per qualified call. And when you looked at every single thing within the process from the cpms to the link click-through rate to the application to to scheduled call rate, uh even to the show rate and all the backend statistics, the clear bottleneck seemed to be the application. It had 18 questions in it, ranging from multiple choice to checkbox questions to short form answers. It was a lot. We recommended reducing the question count.

We brought it down from 18 to about seven. We tested up to 9 on this shorter test. Well, here's what ended up happening. The intent lowered dramatically. We actually had a 20% loss in show rate without changing anything else besides the application being shorter.

Think about that. Although, yes, a higher cost per qualified call when having 18 applications for the question count that ultimately had a very strong high intent individual who was extremely probable to buy that showed up on the calls. As soon as we reduced it, much lower intent immediately. So, here's what we tested next, and this is also really important to understand. We wanted to keep the question count lower because it reduced the cost per call in half, but we needed to change the types of questions.

So, we still needed some conditional logic questions that were multiple choice so we can qualify based on the financials as well. However, instead of having a dominant amount of those nineish, sometimes seven question counts in the application, we switched it from a lot of multiple choice to maybe one multiple choice that was the financial qualifier. And we put a majority, three total questions to be things that a user had to type. Now, this is a super pro tip and i'm not going to share it in detail because this is one of those things that i withhold for the people who actually buy my products down in the link in the description, but i will pepper it in in a very brief way. You can have artificial intelligence review the total word count that's within the application answers that you receive through different marketing automation softwares and tools.

And then you can have the conversion api audit essentially with that ai. So ai analyzes word count and then you fire off back to the pixel the people who answered above a particular word count that gets sent back through the conversion api rather than the pixel. And this can also start to help bias the traffic source to getting in front of higher intent leads because you got to remember we have entire videos on this channel dedicated to pixel conditioning and some of the best practices of what you need to do to just send back the right people to the pixel because the pixel then biases heavily towards the people. It operates with recency bias. It dictates who it's probable to go after next based on who's hitting that results column.

So this is really important you understand this. There's all kinds of little things that you can do just like that as an example. That by itself without even necessarily having to change messaging, just a simple conditioning tactic for what types of people you're allowing to come back and hit that pixel. That can wildly improve the intent of the leads. Having a lot more short form answers rather than a bunch of multiple choice questions can also wildly dictate higher intent, more qualified leads coming through, right?

in the types of questions. There's a funny meme. It was from the movie in glorious bastard. And in the movie, if you've seen it, there was a squad of american soldiers that was over in europe towards the very tail end of world war ii. And in this specific movie, you had brad pitt and a bunch of guys running around and they're trying to go and capture a bunch of these german soldiers, right?

and a lot of the times they're trying to do some crazy stuff to them and punish them for all the wild stuff that they did. But i digress. At one point in the movie, there's one of the american soldiers pretending to be a german soldier, and he's at a ball. I believe it was a gallop. And there was a german soldier who had a sneaking suspicion that the american guy that he was sitting across was american.

And so he asked him at one point a few key questions. And one of those questions was to hold up the number three. The american held it up like this. And right then and there, that turned into a meme that's been shared online, i don't even know how many times, but a fuckload. Simply put, this is not how apparently ger germans hold up the number three, i guess, or at least during that time.

And so the german soldier, he knew right away. He was like, "dude, this guy is clearly not a german." okay, now here's my point. Sometimes the questions that you ask andor the messaging that's on the funnel is you exposing yourself for not actually being the person that should be selling to the types of deals and the people that are on that page. Sometimes your dumbass questions that you ask or the things that you say on the page immediately reveal that you have no idea what the [ __ ] you're talking about and that you're an impostor. You see, as a great example of this, every single thing that i say, like down to specific words in ads, i'll give you a great example.

When we target rich people, rich people have dropped the word money, cash, like dollars from their vocabulary. Like they just don't say things like this. They don't say these words. They say capital. They say liquidity.

You understand? it's like if i was talking to rich people and i said, "hey, you want to turn your cash into more money? you want to make more money?" you know, it's like, "yeah, they know what you're saying, but to them it's like, well, you're clearly not a [ __ ] rich dude." that's not what rich dudes say. Rich dudes say liquidity and capital. You understand?

it's like, this is important. Sometimes they call it dry powder. You get what i mean? these are words that the general population don't use. And so, vice versa.

If i'm targeting the general population and i can't take myself off the high almighty tower i live on and go back down to the masses and communicate to them how they actually talk, it's the same scenario. They're going to look at you and be like, you're not one of us, you know, and then they [ __ ] leave. And then the only people that end up converting are these dog [ __ ] leads that come through. And this is really important you understand this. Like i see this sometimes in the information space when i look at some of the older people who are speakers.

Like these are like technically i guess you'd call them ogs of the info industry back when people were selling dvds and like books and like one of the number one ways you can get paid was through speaking gigs. And it's funny like you watch some of these people try to adapt their messaging and they always fail to do so. 100% of the time they fail to do so. You look at what they're doing and you're just like wow that is a [ __ ] dumpster fire of an attempt to communicate with the types of people they're now trying to sell to. Like they're they're attemp you can clearly tell they're attempting to sell to a more financially qualified demographic but they get little to no response.

They get little no response because again it's imposter. It's an imposttor. They look at it and the market says get [ __ ] that's not for us. Okay? so i can't stress it enough.

You have to have that relatability. Like you have to say the things that your specific audience is actually saying. Okay? if you fail to do that and look natural while you do it, you're going to have a bad time cuz again that's that's a signal to rich folks. It's like a great example of this for the watch guys that are sitting here watching this.

Imagine i was sitting here wearing like a [ __ ] hublo. I don't even [ __ ] know the names of those watches. Nobody [ __ ] with hublo watches. And no, it doesn't matter how you say it because it's a dog [ __ ] brand that nobody cares about. You understand what i mean?

it's like wearing an invicta around rich people. I remember one time i was around a guy and it looked like he had a bluesy submariner and i was like, "oh, yo, that's a bluesy." and i got closer to it and it was an invicta and i was like, "oh, you know, jesus." you know, you get what i'm saying? it's like impostor. You see what i mean? again, little things like that, they make a significant difference.

Just keep that in mind. Now, from a financial perspective, from a financial perspective, and this is really important you understand this, the questions that you ask are either going to be honestly answered or people are just going to lie at an extremely high rate. Like some of you, you guys ask the dumbest [ __ ] questions in your applications. Like, a perfect example, one of the dumbest questions, did you watch the entire video prior to filling out this application? it's like, i'm not going to go on to a rant about that.

It's a stupid [ __ ] question. Anyway, some of the other questions. Um, no one's going to tell you their credit score. Okay? stop asking people blatantly for their credit score.

It's not even compliant. Once you actually start spending some serious [ __ ] money, you're going to get banned. Okay? soon as a manual review occurs, you're [ __ ] cooked. Okay?

some of the other ones like active income, nobody generally answers the active income question accurately. And then as a result of that, you technically get qualified people that will lie and say that they make less so you don't discriminate against them. Sometimes they'll answer accurately, but again like a majority of them will lie about. I did a poll inside of my inner circle group which at a minimum people have to make vetted by the way. We literally look they have to make a minimum of 100k a month to be a part of the group.

We have currently 22 people in there right now that do more than a million dollars a month. Some of them join in already making a million a month. Highest one does about 5 million a month right now. Okay. The average in the group is about 2 to 300k a month.

And i asked him in a poll. I said if i asked you a question about how much money you make, would you answer it honestly? okay, 64% of them said no. They would lie. And that's a great example of that.

High earners typically don't reveal the fact they're a high earnner. They think they're going to get discriminated against. And then the people who are less financially qualified, they'll lie and say that they make more cuz they want the opportunity to talk with you. Okay? a great example of this, i won't say the specific type of person that does this, okay?

but i'm sure you'll be able to conclude to it yourself. They'll show up to a call. You already know based on where they live, they're completely unqualified. And you don't you don't ever want these people on the calls anyway. They then show up and try to negotiate you down.

They say, "oh, yeah, it's a good price, but not today, you know, not today." and they attempt to just negotiate the [ __ ] out of you lower than what the actual price is. Like, you think they're being honest in the application? it's like, no, dude, they're lying every time to get the opportunity to [ __ ] negotiate you down on the call. Then you're letting that turd hit the confirmation page where your pixel is that sends back that standard event to fire off into the results column. And then you get more of that type of turd because again you're letting them fire off the standard event and then it biases towards that type of demographic more and more and more.

It's like again the sophistication of your financial qualifying questions has to be good. I'm very direct. I typically literally just tell people the price. I say this costs this much. Do you have this amount of money?

okay. For things like our inner circle, we do qualify with asking them, hey, do you make this amount at a minimum? and then we'll ask them, hey, arrange how much do you make? and it's very important to note even if we get people that are not qualified that come through that process, we aren't firing off the standard event on the confirmation page because so many people lie going through that application. And then when they get on the call, we will vet, we will look up, our sales people will literally have them show us.

We'll be like, "show us and prove to us that you make whatever it is the amount of money is that you claim you make." because again, it's a qualifier. That's what forces that individual to get into the group. So we typically ask, again, to be clear, do you have this amount of money? and then we do ask the income range. Okay?

but the income range is also really important to understand. So for a group is an example where the minimum is 100k a month that you have to make and we already have people that join in more than a million a month. Imagine if i asked do you make 0 to 10k, 10 to 50k, 50 to 100k, 100 to 250k or 250k plus wouldn't make any [ __ ] sense. Every single big dog that joins in already doing a mill a month or already at a high couple hundred grand a month would be like what is this a group of [ __ ] small fries? you know like what is this?

you see again the financial questions are the same example. It is going to expose whether you are communicating to a specific demographic or not. Okay, so again can't stress this enough. The financial qualifiers outside of the application questions needing to be worded properly. They also happen on the page itself, right?

how you communicate in the vssl and the headline and the other sections that you likely have on your pages currently. All those things also actively signal who it's for and who it's not for. Remember the example i provided with using words like cash or money when you're talking to rich people when they use words like capital, liquidity, dry powder. You see what i'm saying? it's like those words as an example also signal financial qualifiers.

You get what i mean? sometimes i make these absolute banger videos on youtube that are only geared towards people already doing a high couple hundredk a month or already at the mill of month trying to tack on the next mill of month, which is damn near every video anyway. But i'll get some random donkey that comments something that just immediately exposes they shouldn't be here and then we we boot them out. We don't let we don't let them comment on the channel from that point on going because again they signal they're the wrong type of people. We don't even want the wrong type of people communicating below this video.

Right? that's how serious we take the signaling that we do. You see what i'm saying? so again, very important to understand the funnels. This is also very important to note.

This is your first video. This is your first time hearing this from me. If you've watched any of my videos, i think i say this like every other [ __ ] video, opt-in pages are the devil when you're selling to a very financially well-off demographic. Okay? none of you ever do math and prove to yourself that an opt-in is worth having.

Opt-in pages artificially inflate your cost per result because you're adding friction willingly. In addition to that, when i say none of you ever do math, you never actually just run a crm report that says people who opted in that did not apply that later bought. And when you do that math, nine times out of 10 from when i've get when i get people who haven't done the math and i see the math myself that they do, it's literally zero [ __ ] dollars or it's such a negligent amount of money where they're like, >> "oh my god, for that amount of money, i've artificially inflated every single cost per call, like triple what it should have otherwise been if i didn't have an opt-in." >> so again, my point is, unless you have an absolute killer set of salespeople, setters most likely that are making a fuckload of money from your opt-ins and you've done the math, that's the only justification for it. Because again, it's a signal, okay? rich people are like, "why the [ __ ] are you making me up?" imagine you want to go to chanel, right?

and you want to get your girl like 40 grand in random [ __ ] and you before they even let you walk in the door, they're like, "oh, hey, welcome in. Uh, go ahead and sign this. Go ahead and give us your name, email, and phone number." yeah. Okay. Oh, you don't want to do that?

oh, you can't shop here today. It's like, what the [ __ ] name a single [ __ ] massive i sell to rich people business that does that [ __ ] besides a handful of these internet money businesses. It's like every single example that you could go and look at. They don't take your info when you're selling to rich people. They let you get right to the shopping.

You see? you understand? like the only time they're really going to collect your info is if you're going to speck out a car, right? or after you buy something, they'll give you the card and say, "hey, here's my information. Call me if you need me." and generally the only time they get your info is when you that you're ready to actually buy something and you're going to log into your account so you can accumulate a fuckload more dollars on that thing and get some exclusive [ __ ] that they're going to give you the opportunity to buy because of how much stuff you've already bought.

They don't do it at the beginning. They do it at the end when you actually are ready to buy. Okay? so again, if you want to sell to rich people, you're signaling with an opt-in that you're an impostor. Okay?

versus when you sell to the general public, they typically make decisions over a broader duration of time, don't take as much risk, and don't have as much willingness to like immediately shop. There's a lot of hesitation in the general public to pull the trigger on things that you might want to sell them, right? but don't forget this, very important to understand this, that can still act as an extreme resistance and friction point that inflates your cost per call, lowers your rorowass, and if you do the math and you still see, oh, i'm still not converting any of these [ __ ] remove the opt-in, right? but if you are converting them, absolutely keep the opt-in. I don't want to be right.

I just want to make money. Okay? very important to understand both things can be true but do the math and prove to yourself that it makes sense to have otherwise it doesn't. So again typically on funnels the other important thing to note is it's like the actual type of funnel that you use makes a big difference as well. So, as i just mentioned, like if i have i was just at a room.

I did a whole talk. It's posted here on the channel already. Went and spoke at one of my clients masterminds. People paid 35 grand to be there. And i asked everybody in the room at one point.

I said, "so, y'all spent $35,000 to be sitting in this chair right now listening to all the things that you're hearing today? and i would love to just ask you if i made you buy a book first, would you still be sitting here today?" and like 80% of them were like, "no, this is what i wanted to buy. Like, i would have bought this. You know, if you would have made me buy some other random [ __ ] before it, i wouldn't have converted on this. Right?

so, again, based on the demographic and based on the audience type, because i want to be fair and saying like i've still converted very rich people in my lifetime, but i have sold them something low ticket first. What i've sold them at a lower ticket price and their willingness to buy it was mainly because they were colder to me, right? due to the fact they had no idea who i am, no idea how i could help them. I just had a specific problem solution scenario bundled up in a little low ticket product. It's a low resistance, low friction offer for them.

They choose to purchase it. Builds that rapport. Gets them a quick win and a set of results. Makes them a lot more confident to then purchase something higher ticket from us in the future. You understand?

it's like that example. I can still sell to a very financially qualified demographic with something that's at a lower price first, but it's going to be because they're a cold audience. All the people in that specific mastermind room, 80% of them were like, "no, dude. I would have just bought this first." they were already warmed up to the person. You see, and none of the offers that this person had in this case made sense for him to buy.

This was the specific offer that made the most sense. So, a big mistake is thinking that you have to bury the higher ticket things deeper in your funnels, right? and create an ascension ladder. That can work, but again, it's based on the audience type for why one thing works over another and when one thing is more appropriate over another. So, all very important considerations to make.

Now, of course, per usual, there's a lot of other things we could sit here and talk about. We could talk about the email marketing. We could talk about the back-end selling systems like valued dense emails, confirmation page best practices, the hammer them remarketing strategy. We could also talk about the setter and sdr best practices that they should be doing for manual outreach prior to the calls. We could talk about sales assets and trust assets.

But you know where we do all that? we do it down in the links in the description below. And also a handful of videos on this channel are dedicated to some of those topics individually. But it's very important to note i'm not one of those guys that puts everything that i have out to the general public for you. I withhold a far by far and large majority of what i actually know for the people that pay us.

And again, there's links for those down in the description. Whether it be my inner circle program where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls. We do our weekly group calls. We have our quarterly in-person masterminds in good old miami, florida. In addition to that, we have our group chat, very active, full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer on telegram.

We also have unlimited access to ai jeremy and a very large valuing as well. It's a tremendous amount of value inside of there. Again, that's for the rich people that are watching this channel trying to get a lot richer. We also have my master internet marketing program. It's a 7-week class, very in-depth, 3 to five hours per class.

Each week covers a different topic, very large homework libraries full of videos. There's worksheets to help with information retention, and there's also a certification at the end of it that you can get access to each time that we do the cohort live. The cool part about that specific offer, master internet marketing, it's a onetime price, lifetime access, and every time we do the next cohort live, because things in marketing change, we're not oblivious to that. So, every time that we go do a new live class as a past buyer of that specific program, you get access to it at no additional cost. It's a phenomenal value proposition for those that either want to train a lot of their staff.

Maybe you're just a marketer that's not at the 100k a month level yet to be able to qualify for our inner circle program. Still a ton of great information there. It just doesn't come with the one-on-one stuff, the masterminds or the weekly group calls. But again, phenomenal and very valued dense. Either way, whether you choose to take action on those or not, subscribe to the channel.

Go check out some of my other videos. There's a ton of great stuff here on this channel for you. And again, they're all centered around the same thing, million-dollar month lessons. Thank you for being here and go get richer.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Pitch The Offer Inside A 3-Day Virtual Event
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mNKwO3sYZQ
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

Welcome back to the series. In this video, we're going to be talking about how to execute the pitch in a challenge funnel or a 3-day virtual event, whichever one you are committing to. The pitch is the exact same in both of these scenarios. The pitch is obviously where you're going to make all the [ __ ] money on the entire risk of this whole thing. This is where it all pays off.

And there are very strategic things that you must do outside of actually executing the pitch itself from pre- pitching, repitching, and also just pitching long enough, having some objection handlers and risk reversals dialed in, not doing stupid things like the super inflated prices and slashing them out and saying you get it all for less. It's all kinds of little things that you're going to learn in this video about how to properly execute the pitch itself during one of these virtual events. It's an absolute pleasure to have you here. If you're new to the channel, all we do around here is talk about hitting million-dollar months. Welcome in.

There's no income claim. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. And although, yeah, everybody that we've worked with has made a buttload of money off of these types of funnels. Who the [ __ ] knows if you're going to make a buttload of money off these types of funnels. So, there's no implied earning claims, earning potentials, or anything like that.

It's all for entertainment, education purposes, you sitting here watching this video right now. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. We got another banger. So, without further ado, let's dive in.

If you're used to pitching on webinars, you're going to have a good time when you pitch in a virtual event. Keep in mind, ideally, up to this point, you followed our 3-day format and you had day one, which was just a fuckload of content. You've delivered on the promise of the topic of your virtual event. You've given people a tremendous amount of value. So much so that a very high quantity of those people who showed up on day one also showed up to day two.

You've now for the entire first half of day two given them another amount of tremendous value. Given them content, maybe brought in a guest speaker here and there that endorses whatever you're about to try to pitch people on, and you're getting to the point where you're ready to do the pitch. What's the first thing you ideally do? the pre- pitch. So, to be clear, pre- pitch material is really important to understand.

First of all, on this channel several times over, we've shouted out the legend, the one and only mr. Myron golden. Myron, if you've ever had the opportunity to pay him tens of thousands of dollars or maybe more to have the opportunity to learn from him directly, good for you. I'd encourage everybody who hasn't gets the opportunity to do so. He is true top 1% in terms of people that i've ever learned from and his pre- pitch and rep pitch material, some of which we'll talk about here today.

I'll leave the great stuff for myron, of course, and all our inner circle members and master internet marketing students. But nonetheless, i'll still put you on game in terms of what it is and how it works. The pre- pitch when i first heard it come out of myron's mouth made so much sense to me. And rather than just sitting here telling you about every single thing that you could say, i'm going to tell you to go watch a few of myron's videos. There's one specifically on youtube that you can watch.

It's about 30 minutes long from him on his channel. It's called the science of rapid wealth creation. And this is a perfect example, again, free on youtube for people to go and consume that talks about essentially everything that myron does before actually pitching people. All pre- pitching really is trying to weave in specific ways that you want people to strategically be thinking. You're trying to frame people.

That way, by the time you get to the pitch, you have all of these specific stories that you can anchor back to that had specific characteristics, identity traits, ways to think, and ways to process all this information. Things like being willing to take risk when it makes sense to take risks. Things like being able to bias towards a willingness to get richer because you deserve to get richer. Little things like the ability to overcome fearful thinking. He'll even go as far as weaving in religious scripture into what he's communicating to people during his pre- pitch.

He's doing is very important to understand. He's empowering somebody prior to actually pitching them. So, they get to the point where they strategically conclude to, >> well, this makes a lot of sense and i'm primed and ready to do something. And then that something is what you immediately pitch afterwards. So again, i just want to be really clear and saying pre- pitch is you being able to successfully frame somebody.

You're trying to align the character, okay? the ways in which you want them to identify and be and behave to the pitch. Okay? and you also want to make sure you understand this is mainly done through storytelling, which you'll see at a masterful level of display inside of that video from iron on youtube. And again, if you watch that video with the frame of like you're watching him do something that he would regularly pre- pitch, you'll get a completely different set of value from it.

Everything that he says is also [ __ ] awesome. By the way, all those things in that video are still great to actually think to be clear. But in addition to that, more importantly, you're going to watch it from the perspective of like, all right, i need to do this kind of [ __ ] before i actually pitch somebody. Your pre- pitch session is generally about a 30 45 minute session. And to the viewer, it comes off as like mentality content, you know, something that you're trying to help people with.

They'll still view it as good information. They won't get turned off. They won't have any idea that you're necessarily even sitting there trying to like pre- pitch them. They just view it as like, "oh, this is another content session and it's really good." now, to be clear, once you get over the pre- pitch hump, that's where you actually transition into the pitch. Now, let me be really clear when i say this.

I learned this one from mr. Russell brunson. Russell brunson obviously almost every single one of you know, but for those of you who for some reason do not, russell is an absolute og marketer. Highly respect russell and everything that he does. Shout out to clickfunnels and everything that they do over there.

Specifically 1.0. I love i love 1.0 a lot more than 2.0 russell. But anyway, long story short, let me be clear. Okay, russell has what he calls the ask to pitch transition. Okay, you need some kind of bridge to successfully go from over here where you're doing the pre- pitch, which doesn't come off like you're pitching.

It just comes off like content. You need to have that bridge successfully to get to the point in a non awkward way with low friction. And that's where this transition comes in that russell teaches. So, he essentially says that you ask for the pitch. You just ask them for the opportunity to start the process of closing them.

And it works so well when you deploy it in webinars. It works so well in this use case when you're doing a challenge funnel or a virtual event. The transition is really simple. All you do is ask. So, i'll put it on display for you here right now.

Right? imagine you just got to the end of your pre- pitch session and you're ready to transition and you say to the audience, "all right, everybody. I'd love the opportunity to sell you something. I have ways to help you far beyond than what i've done here today. And i would love your permission to do so.

I don't want to force anything upon you. I don't want to make it sound like i'm just here to sell this. I want you to give me permission to transition to the point where i can help you further through an offer that i've put together specific to you that i believe is going to take everything that we've sat here and talked about today to that next level and get you that next set of results that you're looking for in a much faster way in a lot easier way from all the resources, systems, content that i put together. The system, i want the opportunity to actually sell it to you guys. Now, can you guys do me a favor?

can you say yes in the chat if you're open to the opportunity? and you're ideally just going to see a flood of yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Or you can tell them like, hey, put a one in the chat if you guys want that opportunity. You know, put a two in the chat if you don't. And again, it's always going to be a fuckload of ones if if you've actually executed the event successfully up to this point.

And then it becomes super simple. This what i love about this specific tactic. It becomes so simple to just immediately start transitioning to the slides where you're like, "all right, then let's dive into it." so, let me show you guys what i put together for you. And rather than just immediately saying like this is the price and this is like the offer stack, like that's not specifically what you do. So once you get to the point where you're in the actual pitch itself, usually what you're going to want to start with, you're not going to use all of your anchoring, okay?

but you're going to start with anchoring back to specific things that you've talked about strategically up to this point throughout the day and a half. Because keep in mind, you're doing this on day two. You're doing the pitch on day two. Strategically every single thing that you talked about in day one and everything you talked about in that first like half to 1/3 or sometimes 2/3 of the day on day two that's what you want to anchor back to originally. So, you want to say things like, "so, hey, if you guys remember, like we started day one by going through this, okay?

and i taught you guys how to do this, and if you go do that and this, it's going to roughly take you about this amount of time on average, and about this amount of work for you to go and do those things." and again, you guys are more than enough equipped to be out there doing those things and getting those results and outcomes. But, just keep in mind, you're going to have to do like all these things, and you want to list them like bullet point style. You don't really want to get too in the weeds when you say these things. What you're trying to do is so you strategically understand what's happening. You're trying to bias towards the things that i've taught you are effective.

They're going to work, but they're not necessarily the most efficient way to get things done because you still don't necessarily know all of what there is to know. And i have this system i could sell you that's either got these done on your own, done with you, done for you components that i just simply haven't covered here or i haven't made available to you and obviously you'd need to pay for. And what those things do is they make things go faster. They make things more efficient. They increase the probabilities that much more that you get these outcomes and these results.

And that's the main thing that you're trying to do when you go through this process. You're like, "yeah, so you remember these things that i talked to you about about this and and those things to be clear. If you go do those things, like they get you these kinds of outcomes, okay? and when you go do that, to get those types of outcomes, you just got to keep in mind you have everything you need to be able to go do it, it's just going to take like these expectations." okay? now, comparatively, what i'm going to offer you as one of the components, this is how you do your offer step.

As one of the components that i've got today in this special offer for you. And by the way, i'm doing this offer one time. I'm doing it right now for you guys. The cart closes at the end of this whole virtual event that we have. We're going to give you 24 hours after the event concludes.

We want decisive people in this. We have a dramatically high probability to get the results and outcomes that we're after here. Okay. So, the first thing i'm going to do inside of my offer for you is i'm going to give you this and this thing does that at this set of expectations. Now, all you're doing is you're starting to say, "look, the things i've taught you, they do these expectations, right?

these outcomes, the things that i want to sell you now, right, for the upsell, they do these things that you want at these better expectations." okay? and that's the whole flow when you're doing the offer stack. So no matter how many things and it's very important you understand like the actual offer itself is really important obviously like the offer is made up of components that get them every ideal outcome they want right and that's all you're actually selling to somebody. So as an example like for our jeremy's inner circle program that we have we have masterminds four times a year we have one-on-one calls up to twice a month we have our weekly group call the most recent one we did here in the office it was 2 hours long it was extremely valuable. Okay, i know it sounds biased because i'm the one who taught the class, but it was it was really good.

Okay, it's really good. They're all really good. They're [ __ ] awesome. It's built for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. We have an extensive course library.

We have unlimited access to jeremy ai for all our inner circle members, which is trained on a bunch of stuff you'd never get access to, like one-on-one calls, like you'll never hear anybody else's one-on-one call, but the topics and the content that i talk about in one-on-one calls, those are all trained in jeremy ai. Every consulting call, same thing. Every client call, same thing. Every single thing i've literally ever written down, including like messages with people, all in there. Okay, it's really good in that regard and it's it's not like some [ __ ] little ai thing and it gives you real-time access to my brain to talk about things that you know you want to talk to, right?

the one thing that it's not good at is if you're talking about something, real jeremy can tell if you actually need to know something else. Ai jeremy will just talk to you about whatever you're talking to it about. It doesn't necessarily know when to say, "well, you should focus on this instead." like this is what you need to pay attention to, right? because at the end of the day, it's an llm. But again, all those components, okay, and more.

We have like 30 plus sops and we continue to develop more of course and no we don't use [ __ ] ai slop to write our sops like i write extensive sops that are very well good very well documented and we have an extremely active group chat full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. Now we have people in that offer stack. It's very important you understand this right outside of the fact that yes i'm actually trying to tell you about that and pitch you links down in the description. I'm also trying to give you an example. These offer components aren't random.

I didn't select them out of [ __ ] thin air and say this is going to be my offer. No, it's like masterminds have extreme value. Okay, i believe in the power and so do everybody who comes to these masterminds in meeting up with a bunch of other rich people who do like something similar to you or literally what you do or sometimes like far from what you do but they still make a fuckload of money doing it and can give you a counter perspective. I always look at it like this like if there's a bunch of dots of things you know like masterminds will help you validate certain things that you know and expand them further beyond that little area. But sometimes you meet people at a mastermind with a dot that's like way over here and then you start to build another little dot matrix and eventually like you get a nice little bridge and you've expanded your overall awareness.

That's how i look at what masterminds are are able to do in addition to just like when you're rich you got to you got to pay to have a lot of other rich friends. You know rich people need an opportunity to meet up with some kind of incentive. And rarely do they ever just sit around and hang out and you know have like normal friends. I'm not saying we don't have normal friends. Like of course we have normal friends, but you don't really see your normal friends as much as you do with like business acquaintances.

Like there's a lot of people who arguably come to these masterminds and develop stronger relationships with those people comparatively to people that they've known their whole life and like barely ever meet because there's no real incentive to meet. You understand what i'm saying? so anyway, long story short, i digress. Masterminds are valuable. And some people are in the group literally just for masterminds.

Some people don't go to any masterminds and like they just do one-on-one calls with me because that's a very cost-effective way to get one-on-one time with me. Some people, they don't even show up to a live weekly group call, but they watch every [ __ ] recording, and they don't even do one-on-one calls unless they know they need something specific that they didn't understand. I have people in there who send upwards of 4 to 5,000 messages a month to jeremy ai. And like, that's one of the places, that's the only place that we offer unlimited access to it currently. Okay?

and again, my point is is like all these offer components that i'm talking about, they solve specific problems in different speeds of solving them and in different preferred consumption mechanisms of solving them. So when you make your offer stack and you actually go to pitch it, what you're trying to do is you're trying to say, okay, these are the ideal outcomes that i know people want. And what i've taught in the challenge itself are how to get those ideal outcomes in ways just like i do here on youtube, guys. Like literally, my entire youtube channel is a perfect demonstration of this, okay? i'm giving you things to do.

I had a guy just the other day, he tweeted me. He goes, "i made $100,000 a month." he got to 100k a month is what this guy claims. And again, this is unvalidated. We have no idea if this guy's actually telling us the truth or not, just to disclose. But this is what he says on twitter.

He says, "dude, i watched jeremy hayes youtube content. I got to 100k a month without ever paying the guy." and like, that is if that's true, of course, that is literally what i attempt to make my content for. So, i attempt to help you guys get richer, but i openly disclose like i hold back a lot of [ __ ] that if you pay me to help you with, i'll get you there a lot faster. I'll give you way more information and i'll give you a lot of different ways to consume and execute on that information. You understand?

like here on youtube, it's just in the way that i present it to you because you're not paying any money for it. And with a challenge funnel, with a 3-day virtual event, whichever you choose to do, people are paying ideally some ticket price, but some people do it for free. And again, it's the exact same logic. It's like you're giving them things that they could do to help get outcomes, but you're openly disclosing just like i am right now that i'm withholding a lot of what i could tell you. So, you pay me, right?

and if you literally tell people that and what you gave them for free was good, there's a high probability that they'll pay you for more, which is exactly what people do all the time here with us on youtube as an example. Right? so, again, my point is is it's the same thing in the challenge. You're like in full understanding of all the outcomes that people want, okay? and you have an offer stack that helps people achieve those outcomes in a more efficient way and with a bunch of different ways to achieve those outcomes, right?

and then your offer, that's all your offer is, is that right there is taking specific ways that you can help people and get those outcomes and bundling them together in an offer that align to their ideal outcomes. That's it. That's all the offer is. And you're anchoring. Okay, so i taught you guys this, so you can do this.

But in my offer, i've got this that i've put in there, which you would agree, like if that's your preferred way to go about getting this result, like dude, that's going to help a lot. And by the way, it does these expectations and it does them even better than what just this stuff i've already covered with you here is going to do for you. You understand? it's like, guys, as an example, literally right now, i sit here and film this video. I have a handful of people right now that pay us for consulting deals just on challenges alone, just on just on challenge funnels, just on virtual events.

They have one coming up. They want to make sure that they absolutely crank the [ __ ] out of that revenue that comes from it, and they don't want to [ __ ] anything up. So, they hire us. We come in, we teach them how to do everything. And i'll tell you with 100% certainty that i tell those guys, i tell my inner circle members, i tell even my master internet marketing students 80 to 90% more than what i'm sitting here yapping about with you right now.

Because guess what? i'll give you a perfect example. Everything that i'm telling you right now how to do, i'll give them literal examples of it. I'll say, "here's a challenge funnel recording that you can go watch of somebody executing this that did like $4 million on a challenge." you understand? it's like i'll give them an sop that's 134 pages.

I'll give them access to jeremy ai. I'll give them access to a group chat that has dozens of other people that have done challenges that they can ask questions to in there as well to get more than just my perspective. I'll give them the opportunity to meet with those people in person up to four times a year at a location with great food and other great people and a bunch of fun things to do that you'll never get the opportunity to use. But hear me out, right? you're still getting value from what you're sitting here consuming.

You understand? you're still understanding like technically what to do. I haven't held back on you and and like not disclosed what you need to technically go do, but i haven't given you a bunch of other things that would make a lot more sense to have. You understand? and that's what gets people to buy.

That's what you've got to successfully do when you do the pitch itself. Okay? so, all you're doing at this point, moral of the story, is you're anchoring. You're saying, "i've gotten you this level of result potential with what i've already sold you that we're sitting here talking about right now. But if you buy this offer, i've put this in that offer that gets you these results in this way." and it does these expectations even better because it's in the offer, right?

and i'm going down my list until i get to the end of the offer. Then i introduce the price and i say, and by the way, just to be clear, i think it's extremely fair to say that with everything that i've got in the offer itself, that i could easily charge a lot more than what i'm going to sit here and charge you guys now. Okay? because the result potential, because of what we've been able to successfully do with others that have already gone out there and achieved these results, we definitely know with certainty that we could charge more. But i want to be clear, like i do want to reward you guys.

I think it's extremely great to see that you have the discipline to sit here. You clearly have the willingness and the high desire to go out there and get these results. And look, man, i don't want to [ __ ] you. I want to give you guys a good deal and i want to help you out as much as possible. Our goals when we work with people is to flip the spectrum as fast as we can to get the you're [ __ ] me spectrum in your favor as fast as possible.

Okay? and so, long story short, the price that we're going to charge for this is and then you drop the price. Now, at this point, very important to note, relative to what the price is determines whether you're going to do a direct to checkout or whether you're going to do a book a call. Okay? and with the opportunity to do a book a call specifically, you're going to do it in layers.

Okay? and same thing with the direct to checkout. You're going to do it in layers in terms of how you pitch. I'm going to explain both for you right now so you can thoroughly understand it. Let's start with the direct to checkout.

So if you have a price that for a challenge or a 3-day virtual event is about $7,500 or less, you can get away with direct to checkout. It's going to be a little scary if you go above $6,500. I know it doesn't sound that much of a difference like $6,500 versus $7,500. Jeremy, you're telling me that's going to [ __ ] me and like lower my overall checkout rate because i went up a,000 bucks. Yeah, it does.

It makes a big difference, especially depending on if you're selling to the general public or if you're selling to rich people. So anyway, you start though by just saying, "look, here's the price. Here's the link. For those of you who are ready, go buy it now." so again, that's the directed checkout route. And at that point, you're going to sit there and you're going to start doing some objection handling and you're going to start doing some risk reversals.

Okay? very self-explanatory for objection handling. It's very important that you like frame this properly to understand like truly how easy it is. Okay? when you're in real life and you're selling somebody or when you're on the phone and you're selling somebody, you get the opportunity to have a back and forth and you've heard or observed from monitoring all your salespeople's calls what specifically comes up as objections.

I'm sure you're hyper aware of that if you're the right type of person sitting here watching this channel, right? it's a low probability that you're guessing. It's a high probability that you're just looking at data and saying, "well, this is always what comes up." now, that's what you want to start working through. Okay? all this is when you do this virtual pitch and you don't get the feedback of like back and forth objections like you would in a real life sales process.

Your job is to go through every objection that could come up and riskreverse them. Okay? either overcome them or riskreverse them. Okay? so moral of the story is you drop the price.

You say, "hey, go check out by the way, let me just cover a few things that commonly come up that hold people back from doing these deals. Objection one, this is how we overcome it. Objection two, this is how we overcome it. By the way, some people view it as risky. We reduce that risk by doing this instead." right?

and you go through as many as you have to go through. Okay. Now, what you want to do at this point is after you've gone through all those objections, you want to drop the price to whatever is the next option for people to buy, which might be a payment plan option. So, that first link that you would drop, no payment plans, none of that [ __ ] it's all direct piffs, okay? piffs only on the first link.

Pay in fulls, direct to checkout, nothing else on that [ __ ] page, dude. Okay? and after you go through all those, you want to drop that same link again. You want to be like, "look, by the way, for all those you ready to move forward again, here's that link." okay? and again, same pay and full link that you they drop right then and there.

Now, after that, okay, what you're going to do is you are officially going to introduce the payment plans, but you're going to give a little bit of time in between that last piff link drop and when you drop the payment plan link. That way, those people can check out. So, you're going to say, "okay, now i know a few of you, you just got to make sense of the money." all right? you know, you want it. You know you want the outcomes.

You know you want the offers. You know, this makes sense for you, but the money's holding you back. And so, let me help you make sense of doing a payment plan with us. We got a bunch of different ways to do this. And then you pitch the payment plans.

So, whether that's internal payment plans like internal split pays, or whether that's all these [ __ ] softwares and tools and financing companies that offer payment plan options nowadays, you're going to pitch all of them pretty much. You're going to say, "look, you can do this financing option. Here's their average interest rates." and and just to be clear, you always when you start talking about interest rates and payment plans, you want to make sure you frame it. You want to be like, "look, look, some of you guys might be scared to go into debt, right? let me tell you about the differences between good debt and bad debt." okay?

and then moral of the story, you go back to pitching how to make sense of the money. And then what you'd obviously want to say is, "look, guys, you go to car dealership. Do they just gamble everything on one financing company?" sometimes, you know, if you get approved with the first one, maybe they don't spam you to like 40 other ones. But here's the thing, guys. We don't have 40 options.

We have, you know, three or five or two. What we'd encourage you to do is go apply with each one of these and see what they'd approve you for and just move forward with whichever one has the best option for you. Okay, super pro tip, by the way. If i introduce a price and i leave the answer to a simple like yes or no, i got a 50/50 shot of getting a yes or a 50/50 shot of getting a no. If i introduce, let's say, the pay in full, the payment plans, and i have like three options for my payment plans.

Just when i get to the payment plan portion of the pitch, i've got like the internal payment plan and i've got like the piffs that are going to pay me like a little less but fund that individual and put them on a payment plan with potential clawback clauses depending on which financing party you use. That reduces the no significantly. So if i give them four options as an example, three of which are yes to me and one of which is a no. That reduces my no from 50% to 25% in that example and it gives me a 75% chance for a yes. And that's what we're looking for here.

You understand? so again, make sense of the money. Drop sell it. Get to the point where you do the next part which is the rep pitch which again put a pin in that i got to justify the book a call part of this process and then we'll get to that last section which is the rep pitch. So moral of the story once you get to the point again where you're in your pitch you're ready to officially make the call to action for people to buy but you're going to do a book a call instead of a direct to checkout because your price is higher than the threshold where it makes sense to do a direct to checkout.

There's a few ways you can do this. Okay, i would encourage you follow what i'm going to talk about here. Number one, you do a pitch with the call, but a deposit to book the call. Okay? so, we have clients, they'll sell something for like 9,000 to 20,000 plus dollars, and they'll tell people things like, "look, guys, you're going to you're going to have the opportunity now to book a call with their team where we're going to go through any questions that you have.

We want to give the opportunities though to the people here with us right now that are the most serious about doing this." okay? we are going to now give you the opportunity to book a call. However, we are going to allow the serious people to book calls first. Okay? so, if you're serious, here's what we're going to do.

You know this is for you. You know you want to buy it. There's a very high probability you're going to buy it at the very least. So, you lock in this opportunity. Go ahead and book your call time, but you'll notice we're going to request x amount of dollars out of the total amount of dollars that the offer costs.

Okay? if for some reason you get on that call and you determine it's not for you, whatever, we'll refund the deposit to you. It's a deposit after all. We'll also give you the opportunity, by the way, in the instance, this is like a total side note, you don't have to openly pitch this, but you can if you want, just to make sense of the deposit more. Depends on how you want to do it.

Again, it's a preference based on the buying demographic that you have there. By the way, we're going to give you the opportunity where look, if if it if the main offer doesn't make sense for you with that deposit money that you put, we have this dropell offer, which we'll tell you about on the call. I'm not going to sit here and talk about it now. But look, few options. We'll just refund your money.

You walk away. It's a deposit after all. Or we can just credit your money towards this other offer instead, which again we'll talk to you about on the call if you're having trouble making sense of the 9k. So, if you want a priority slot on the calendar, you want to be able to talk to us asap, like i'm talking like later today, tomorrow, the next day, like you want a priority slot on the calendar, go book your call time, pay your deposit, that deposit gets credited towards the total amount that you're obviously going to buy for. We'll make sense of the money on the call, whether you're doing a paying full, a funding option, like we've got all those things.

We'll talk about it on the call. Just go book your call now. Go ahead and take action. Here's the link. Bam.

And same exact logic. You do the objection handling. You do the risk reversals. And you get to the point where you're like, repitch, go book your call. Here's the deposit link again.

Then you start to say, and by the way, for those of you who are having a little trouble either, hey, maybe you need to make sense of the money, payment plans, financing options, go book your call with the deposit, right? do that final go book your call with the deposit. And then you want to close it out by saying, "okay, so for those of you who know you still want to book a call, but you still have too much fear and uncertainty to make you put that deposit down. I'm going to allow you the opportunity to book a call, but i just want to be fair, right? i i openly disclosed all the people who book with a deposit, they get the opportunity to book first.

Those are our priority calendar slots. Those of you who are not ready to put a deposit down yet, but again, you know, this is right for you, but you have some questions that hold you back enough to not even have the willingness to put a deposit down, right? so therefore, you kind of want to push this out a little further, which i wouldn't encourage. You know, i would absolutely encourage use that link to book a deposit and get your call with the priority. Show yourself you're committed to this, right?

again, it's refundable either way. There's no risk in doing that. We will give you your money back. Look, guys, if you don't even trust us enough to give you your money back after you make a deposit if it truly doesn't make sense, that way you can get a priority calendar slot. Why are you even still sitting here?

right? if you don't trust me that that much, don't even sit here, you know, just leave now, right? we want to we want to show you that you are the person that holds you back or moves you forward. And this is great opportunity to show yourself that you're serious about getting these outcomes and results you're after. But again, if you're not right and you and you're still on the fence and you and you you truly just again don't want to throw the deposit to book the call at a priority rate, we can book you in 5 days from now through like maybe 10 to 15 days from now.

Okay? no cost to be able to book those calls. Here's that link. And then again, all kinds of objections for a more skeptical demographic with risk reversals geared more towards the skeptical demographic. And then repitch both links.

Again, for those of you who know you want a priority slot, deposit booking link. For those of you not as serious, you know, you just you just scared, you know, you don't necessarily want to use the deposit link. Boom. Go book your call anyway. Talk to us.

Book your call either way. Right? those are the two ways that you're going to do your pitch. Now, at this point, it's very important to note you can do there's two things when i say repitch, right? there's the myron golden pitch, which i've talked about in other videos here on the channel when we talk about the outline of the three days.

You're going to start your third day of content with a literal repitch, like a myron golden rep pitch. When i say repitch in this context right now, i'm not talking in the context of like the myin golden repitch. I'm literally just talking in the context of like, look, as soon as you get through all that [ __ ] you're going to go back and go repitch the whole thing. Okay? i've talked about this on this channel a lot.

It's like as an example with this ipad here. Okay, you see what you see, okay? and i know what you see right now because i know what an ipad is. So, i'm going to describe it for you, right? you see some little like metal things over here that like maybe you don't know what the [ __ ] that is.

You see some writing. You see an apple logo in the middle. You see some cameras and a flashlight. Like you see whatever colors you see. Well, on my end, i see something totally different, right?

like i see a screen and i see writing and and it's totally i see a black border, you know, and what looks to be maybe a camera. Like my angle compared to your angle are totally different when we look at this thing. Okay? and so when you very first pitch something, it's very important to note like you're initially pitching this perspective of the thing that you're pitching. Okay?

and when you do the rep pitch, your repitch, you're trying to pitch them a totally different angle on the same thing. So when you go back and you do your repitch, by the way, mastery level [ __ ] i'm sitting here putting you on game two right now. Okay? mastery level [ __ ] like for you to [ __ ] this up somehow, you'd have to be pretty close to the iq of a rock. Okay, these challenge funnels in these 3-day virtual events absolutely rip when it comes to revenue potential.

And i can't stress enough. I have examples i can show you this. I have massive sops i can sit here and send to you that go indepth on all of this. And i have so much more information than what i'm even sitting here talking about right now that i can put you on game to. Check out the links in the description.

Like especially on something like this. A challenge funnel is insane. 3-day virtual events are insane for the revenue potential they have. There's never been an easier way to justify being able to afford easily and immediately flip the spectrum. Like, we get it, guys.

As soon as you pay us, we're [ __ ] you, okay? we have to get you your money back and we have to make you far more than what you're ideally paying us for you to truly be satisfied. We understand, right? we're [ __ ] you initially. This, as an example of a funnel type, is one of the easiest possible scenarios for you to immediately flip that spectrum back.

And we do so, by the way, with things that don't even require this level of commitment to be able to make your money back. We had a guy join in the other day. His name's gian. Shout out to gian if he's watching this. He joinsed into the inner circle.

His cost per call was in the 300s when he joined in. I taught him a bunch of stuff as it related to meta andromeda and all the best practices of campaign structure for his callunnel messaging best practices. Bro, this [ __ ] lower, he's an inner circle member. This [ __ ] lowered his cost per call down into the low 200s. Okay, the math played out to where what he paid for his first month of being a part of the group, he needed like low30s.

I think it was like 32 or 37 calls to be able to and again, he's going to get those calls cuz he's spending thousands of dollars a day on call funnels. He needed 30 something calls to happen to be able to make back the money within the first 10 days of being a part of the group. Okay, that's how fast we're able to flip that spectrum back into your favor. And again, i can't stress enough if there's ever been a funnel type, if you're even remotely close to considering committing to a challenge funnel, a 3-day virtual event, whichever one you chalk it up as there. Again, i just can't stress enough.

Go press those links down in the description. Buy some [ __ ] from me. Get what you need to actually make this work at the highest possible level because it this is the type of funnel that's a lump sum funnel. It's meant to work at the highest possible level. Okay?

don't just swing and miss on this. Make sure that you actually crack. Okay? so, anyway, long story short, back to my point. When you do the rep pitch, okay, you're repitching people just from a different perspective on the exact same thing, and you follow literally the exact same process i just laid out, but you try to plug things that are just from a slightly different view comparatively to what you previously talked about.

Okay, so anyway, hope you enjoyed this video. Go check out all the other ones in this specific series on mastering challenge funnels, virtual events, whatever you want to call it, and make some [ __ ] money, huh? go get richer. Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Plan For $1M Months In 2026 (Full Year Roadmap)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTrl_dZsLBM
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

2026 could finally be your year where maybe who knows a million dollar month is possible. Although the us bureau of labor statistics claims that.1% of all businesses on earth hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller percentage of those people that would ever go on to crack million-doll months, aka 12 million a year. Hey, who knows? maybe you follow this plan, you'll at least have some more potential. But again, very low odds, just to be rather direct.

No income claims, no earning potential. Just handing down lessons for what my clients that already do a million dollars a month are planning for, what their 2026 looks like, cuz of course they're already planned out for the entire year. And hopefully you are, too. But if not, here's some great perspective for you to help. So, a lot of these people, they start off the year with a huge revenue event.

Okay? so, just for starters, let's go month by month here so you could really see how this looks. In february, they do one of those 3-day virtual events. Whether you frame it as a challenge funnel or whether you frame it as a 3-day virtual event, i don't give a [ __ ] neither do my clients. They schedule this 3-day event for february.

People in february are still hyped up on new goals, new initiatives, self-improvement, and just buying stuff and improving their overall circumstances. It's an incredible time starting literally now when you're watching this video here all the way through february to start the promotional cycle. We have an entire playlist. That's right. Not just a single video, an entire playlist on this channel dedicated to 3-day virtual event challenge funnel best practices.

It's got about six, maybe even more videos inside of it that are incredibly in-depth and insightful. Make sure you go check that out if you're interested. These virtual events usually crack a few million bucks. Again, i have no idea who you are. You could be a [ __ ] idiot for all i know who can't turn any money into more money.

I'm not saying you're going to crack a few million bucks. I'm saying my clients have a high probability to crack a few million bucks cuz they consistently do. Usually when they do these things, they're charging for it. Most of them go into the event profitable just from ticket sales, a few upsells in between. And obviously they aren't too profitable.

You know, they're a little bit above break even in most instances. And if they're not, they're a little bit below break even, but they liquidate a lot of that spend. And they sell something high ticket at the event. Most of them sell something for like 10k. We have some clients that sell stuff all the way up for 50k.

Simply put, they sell something that's a lot of money, okay? but it's justifiable for whatever they do because they help typically in most instances make or save people a lot of cash. So they start the year in february with a big old lump sum event, okay? and they promote it from again about right now when you're sitting here watching this video all the way through that february time frame. 60-day promotional cycles are very common for this type of event at scale.

The mistake that a lot of people make when they run those types of events is they promote them for very short durations of time. Therefore, they don't really have a probability to become a significant revenue event. They're more so just like a couple hundred grand event comparatively. Uh my clients when they take actions on these things, again, usually they are going for a couple million bucks at one time. 3-day virtual events, challenge funnels, whatever the [ __ ] you want to call them or how you want to execute it, they're exhausting.

Take a lot of effort, take a lot of coordination, take a lot of planning, and obviously it's a lot of execution on top of that. Got to be worth it. For a lot of these guys are already so rich, a couple million bucks is what makes it worth it. Now, usually in january, they have what we call daily lead flow running in the meantime. Okay, daily lead flow is combination of a few different funnels.

Okay, usually it's a call funnel. In some instances, they have low ticket to high ticket. Okay, low ticket to high ticket is an awesome series as well that we have here on this channel. We have several videos dedicated to literally every type of funnel that i'm going to sit here and tell you. Um call funnels, low ticket to high ticket and usually they also have some dm ads.

Now this is a combination give or take the client. Some of them run just one or the other of these like we have plenty of clients that crack million- dollar months that are just call funnels. We have plenty of clients that are just something like low ticket to high ticket or just dm ads. Very rarely though do dm ads get to a million dollars a month to be clear. Usually when you incorporate dm ads, it's what we call the chunk method where they're contributing to the million dollar a month but they're not the thing that's getting them to a million dollars a month.

Usually there's a significant amount of other funnels that are helping and contributing to that. Um, okay. Outside of daily lead flow, the other thing that they do is what we call oneoff revenue drivers. Okay. One-off revenue drivers look like a few things, but usually the main one is very simple.

It is webinars. Okay? and just to be clear, i'm referring to live webinars. Very rarely nowadays, literally why i'm sitting here making this video, are evergreen webinars cracking nearly as well as live webinars are. We think that's mainly due to market sophistication, but i won't sit here and make this entire video about webinars.

Uh we have entire videos already on this channel dedicated to webinars in the interest of your time and going and watching those. So anyway, january usually starts off with a [ __ ] bang. They have their daily lead flow running. Call funnels, low ticket to high ticket, dm ads, live webinars. They usually operate on a schedule.

The schedule for the live webinars, depending on who it is and how busy they are, can be as simple as a once a month webinar. Most of the people are doing weekly live webinars. Okay. The people that are willing to truly execute the recommended strategy with webinars, they're doing weekly cold audience webinars and then they'll have a once a month warm audience webinar. You only do the once a month warm audience webinar because you're going to fatigue your warm audience otherwise.

Cold audiences are excluding all warm audiences. They're true cold when i say cold audiences. And also, you crank the difficulty level up a little bit when you start doing cold audience webinars. So, you become a lot better. You execute a lot easier if you then crank down the difficulty for your warm audience webinar.

Most people kind of do the exact opposite. They go from organic to warm to cold and the difficulty level increases each time they do that. The absolute dogs out there, they'll do cold at the highest frequency. They'll dial that in. They'll make it work.

They'll become true masters at webinars and then they crank down the difficulty level and they do a once a month warm webinar and that's like a [ __ ] layup, you know? it's like a kobe to shack alleyoop. You get what i mean? and then obviously they pepper in organic when they do the warm as well. Again, just to not exhaust the warm audience and fatigue it so they can continue to make a good couple hundred grand every time they do them.

So webinars are awesome. Call funnels are awesome. Dm ads are awesome, but again dm ads are usually a little smaller. You can get low ticket to high ticket to crack. And again, i'm not talking in the context of like a challenge funnel or a 3-day virtual event.

I'm talking like something you could sell to somebody. Um there's a fast result and then on the other side of that fast result, your setters are involved in holding those people accountable to activate the customer to ensure that they go out and get that result that they're after. And then moral of the story, it leads to the setter then being able to put them onto a call with the closer to upsell them to something higher ticket. Ideally, at least a few thousand bucks, if not far more than that. And even more ideal, you're breaking even or profitable or liquidating a majority of the spend with a short sales cycle for that low ticket to high ticket funnel.

That's what most of these people run. And usually here's how the end of the year typically looks. Um, in most instances, like in november, they may have had a black friday, cyber monday sale. A lot of them won't because they don't discount their high ticket stuff, so they don't really care about that. They'll just have a slightly lower quantity of calls that come in around the thanksgiving to cyber monday time frame.

Show rates are a little lower, so usually pull back their spend. Um, after they get out of that period of time, they frontload a lot of december's ad spend for the beginning of the month. Then they get into the holiday time frame. They start to again pull back spend a little bit around christmas, new year's time frame. But it really depends on the business.

Like some businesses they actually crank up during that period of time because a lot of people are going for write offs for the end of the year and it's still a priority for them to get those deals done or two they're dealing with a cycle that relates to creating momentum going into the new year. So again, it's very business ccentric for whether somebody's cranking down or cranking up. But come january, especially after the first couple days into january, usually right around the 3rd to the 5th, everybody cranks their ad spend through the [ __ ] roof and they start milking the [ __ ] out of that opportunity where everybody's back into the chair, everybody's locked in, scrolling on their phones again, everybody's working again, everybody's back into the groove, and more importantly, everybody's also, in most instances, trying to improve theelves and their circumstances and make their lives better. So no matter what kind of high ticket product or service you sell, in most instances, as long as it helps people, there's a high probability you're going to get more buyers and more responsiveness going into january. So all these businesses take advantage of it.

And rather than just having one funnel, this is where they have a lot of funnels. The other kind of detrimental thing that happens in q4 that's rather unspoken about is testing fails during q4. It's really hard to read what test worked and what test did not work during those three months of october, november, and december. And hey, i don't know about you, but i mean, this year really wasn't that bad. This q4 specifically for 2025.

I mean, it's been going rather well. There's not that excessive of inflation. It's not an election year, so it's not like a black swan event in terms of the extreme cost that we'd otherwise endure. And most of our clients are still rather normal in terms of their general range of cost per results. They're not feeling the negative impact of it as much.

Show rates are still down during those times of year i talked about, but again, it's not nearly as bad. My point though is whatever tests you run during q4 are generally inconclusive is how you want to chalk them up. You do want to go back and you do want to have the opportunity to retest things again in q1 because it's all the ad inflation pulls back, cost goes back to normal, cpms typically drop again and again people are back in locked in working ready to buy stuff. So, you know, some consumers, give or take what you target. They may be a little tapped out from the holidays.

Hopefully, you're targeting rich people and you figured that out by now. If you haven't, we have an entire playlist dedicated on my channel dedicated to selling to rich people, marketing to rich people, creating offers for rich people, all kinds of rich people lessons. I'd encourage you to go check those out if you haven't done so already. Anyway, back to my point. Obviously, in february, all of this same daily lead flow typically carries over to every subsequent month.

So february, you just have that one-off event of the 3-day virtual event or the challenge funnel, whatever you choose to do, but you're typically still running your standard daily lead flow at the same time. Now, in addition to that, usually what happens during the same period of time is most of these businesses are obviously focused on excessive growth. Okay? and so the main thing that they do throughout the year is they reassess budgets by taking a percentage of the roi that comes in and siphoning off a little bit of that and putting it into ad spend. Okay?

so in order to scale, the money's got to come from somewhere. In most instances, obviously, when you first start something, you're fronting the cash. Once you get to the point where it's profitable, the cost of growth has to be factored in. And that's where they look at the total amount that they're returning. They look at how much they can sacrifice off of that total amount that they're returning and they start the process of reinvestment and scaling.

Give or take the business. Usually scaling can start as soon as january depending on how well things are going. But a lot of the times february is where you really start to see like all right, how's the year going? what's working? what's not working?

it's also very important to note like one really interesting thing that happens that can put you in somewhat of a reactive position is a difference in how people behave. Look, markets change. Consumers become more sophisticated. Consumers become more aware. A lot of the times when you go into the new year, there's a lot of moments of reflection for change and what behavioral patterns people no longer want to fall into or what new things they potentially want to do or what they want to cut out.

So what you have to understand about that is sometimes like your messaging needs to adapt and so therefore in january and february you may be going through a testing environment where you're testing ad variations in messaging. You're testing differences in funnels and conversion mechanisms and attraction models. You may be testing people like in your sales staff as an example or beefing up the team to be able to handle more capacity. Whatever it is, a great time to figure it the [ __ ] out is january and february. Once you get to the point where you're positive roi, you need to start determining your reinvestment strategy into growth.

At that point, usually once you look at march all the way through september until you get to q4 again, you want to milk the living [ __ ] out of that gap. You want to shoot the gap because that period of time is generally the best period of time. Okay? some people, this is like a really silly belief that i i don't want to in any way, shape, or form make you think is true. It's true for europeans to be clear cuz europeans [ __ ] off in the summertime.

So, as an example, like if you're selling to european markets, which to be fair to a lot of you guys who watch me, i have a ton of europeans that watch me, okay? and again, respectfully to you, like you've got to shoot the gap between march and maybe late june to july, because you know how it is out there. You guys don't do [ __ ] anything in july and august, mainly august. You start to summer and completely disengage and disconnect. Probably not you to be fair, but like you know the people that you sell to.

So your gap is a little shorter if you're selling to european markets. Here in america, we don't give a [ __ ] about any of that. Sure, if you have kids, your kids might be out of school and you might go on some summer trips or you might change locations cuz it's hot as [ __ ] where you live or whatever it is that the consumer you're selling to may do. But the point i'm trying to make is if you're selling to americans, you have from march all the way through september to just milk the living [ __ ] out of those audiences. There is no real slowdown.

If you're in europe, you have until about july at the latest to milk the living [ __ ] out of it. And then you start to deal with some turbulence in august, september, you're fully back. Usually october, you're fully back. And then again, you're in q4 by then. So, you deal with the same q4 problems.

I want to be clear when i say this. Most people who do a really consistent amount of like big revenue numbers, here's their schedule. Okay? so, they do weekly webinars. Okay?

the weekly webinars, i'm going to reiterate it again, are cold, excuse me, cold, and then they do a once a month webinar. And that once a month webinar is for their warm audiences. Okay? very critical. In addition to that, typically once per quarter, okay, they're running these three-day virtual events, these challenge funnels.

Again, depending on what audience you have really dictates which one kind of makes more sense to for you, but again, 3-day virtual events/challengefunnels are awesome to do on a quarterly basis. They're big, massive revenue drivers. And then daily, they're running daily lead flow. Okay, daily lead flow is really simple to be clear. It's call funnels.

It's everything that we talked about above. It could be dm ads. It could be low ticket to high ticket. Okay? all these are on the table when you're looking at what to do on a day-to-day basis.

Okay? and this specific routine is really what they do throughout the entire year. The only real variations to it are in some instances having to go through messaging pockets where they test and exploit new messaging. And the other thing that sometimes happens is certain funnels hit plateaus and then a new funnel type has to be launched or one of the funnels that they're already running needs to become prioritized for scaling. Other than that, it's a pretty consistent routine and most of these people already have without exaggeration their literal entire schedule booked out for that entire year coming up.

They allocate for some travel opportunities, some speaking gigs that may come up. And by the way, some of them, and this is typically more of an annual, sometimes give or take the client that we work with, it can be semianual, they'll do a live event. Live events can be huge revenue drivers if you got the nuts to swing that amount of cash to be able to pull that off. But again, usually once a year, sometimes twice a year, give or take the client, they're also doing that. This specific plan [ __ ] really hard.

This is an incredible strategy. This is an incredible approach. This is year in and year out now for a very consistent amount of time. The exact approach that all our million-dollar a month clients take. We hand these kinds of lessons down to people in jeremy's inner circle.

We're already going through the process right now by the time you watch this video with helping them with a more in-depth calendar examples of all of these things, sops for all these things. Way more in-depth trainings than what you'd ever find here for me on youtube. But here's the cool thing. Whether you choose to join into that down in the link in the description or not, whether you become a master internet marketing student or a jeremy's inner circle member to get the training that you deserve, that's far more in-depth than what i'll ever talk about here on youtube. And that's not exaggerated, by the way, unlike all these other people that have [ __ ] you time and time again when you've bought something from them.

A lot of these guys just sell courses. We take our education company extremely seriously, and we will take good care of you. I'm not lying to you when i say you will learn a tremendous amount more from my paid programs than you ever would from my youtube channel. But here's the cool thing. My youtube channel is far better than almost everybody's paid courses.

So, you'll still learn a tremendous amount here from me on youtube without the cost. I would encourage that you do this. If you've already made money with my videos, it's time to spend some of that house money on one of my programs so you can get the real training that you need. If this maybe is your first video you're ever watching from me or one of the first videos and you haven't really taken action on all the things that i've talked about, my goal and my intention with why i am here talking to you right now on youtube is to help you earn the house money that you need with the free things that i teach. So you can easily justify paying me.

It's as simple as that. Go take action on everything that i discussed. Go choose to consume a fuckload more of my videos and take action on them afterwards so you can generate that house money and get to the point where you and i can work together at a much higher level than we are right now. Either way, thank you so much for being here. Subscribe to the channel.

I truly hope that you have an incredible 2026 and that you get way [ __ ] richer than you are right now. And i look forward to the opportunity and helping you on that journey. Thank you. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Repel Skeptical Buyers At Scale (Before They F*ck Your Business)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sVIMTVkDQ8
CATEGORY: Sales
============================================================

One of the worst things that can happen to an incredible offer is scale. Silly as that sounds, huh? scale is both incredible because we're obviously going to make a fuckload more money, help a lot more people, ideally profit a lot more. But the downside of scale is skeptics, okay? skeptics can ruin an incredible offer momentum.

So, in this video, what we're going to do is we're going to talk about how to deter skeptics at scale. Because like any great video on this channel, all we talk about is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, that's all we talk about around here. We simply hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that. Of course, there are no income claims.

Absolutely the [ __ ] not. Are we sitting here telling you you're going to watch a video on youtube and go out there and make any amount of money? you could be dumb as [ __ ] for all we know and not capable of turning money into any more money. After all, the us bureau of labor statistics claims that.1% of any business on earth ever achieves $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller quantity of those businesses on earth that would achieve milliondoll months or even a couple million bucks a month. You don't stand a shot in hell, buddy.

But at the end of the day, you can learn some great lessons from the people who have been there, done that. Without further ado, let's dive in. So, deterring skeptics is a mandatory action that you must take. And i'm going to show you a few different examples of how you can do so at scale. Here's one of the first things that you have to consider which is called the stadium effect.

There's an incredible website. It's called like live link or lime link or some [ __ ] like that. The stadium effect is visualized quite well. All you got to do is go to google and you type in stadium. No, excuse me.

Excuse me. Crowdsize visualer. And what you're going to get is an incredible set of visuals that show you different sizes. Yeah, this lime link website. So, look at this [ __ ] here's what 50 people looks like.

Next to nobody. Here's what a couple hundred people look like. It's starting to pick up a little bit visually, huh? and then you work your way eventually down to some big dog numbers where you have upwards of a 100,000 people. This is usually where i like to stop because i think it's very comprehensible for the human brain to understand this level.

A lot of the things beyond this one start to get a little bit rocky. So, the michigan wolverine stadium here in the united states can hold 100,000 people in peak attendance. 100,000 people ain't that much, but again, visually, it sure looks like it, huh? i want you to imagine something real quick. Okay, let's use the example you only had a million people that actively pay attention to you in a month and you have 10% of those people that absolutely [ __ ] hate you.

Or more importantly, they just sit aside on the [snorts] sidelines skeptical as [ __ ] you got to ask yourself the simple question, how many skeptics actually exist? what percentage of skeptics are in the total market that you're selling into at a given time? i'll tell you confidently, it's a lot more than 10%. But nonetheless, they're quiet people until they start to grow in numbers. If 10% are haters, you end up obviously in that example with a 100,000 people that hate your [ __ ] gut.

Now, let's use the example real quick that you're standing smack in the middle of this arena here, you have whatever piece of content you're thinking about putting out or whatever ad you're thinking about putting out and you imagine it smack in the middle of this arena with 100,000 people that absolutely hate your [ __ ] guts that are going to watch the whole thing. That's going to happen to you at scale. Now, here's the even crazier part. The numbers are actually exponentially greater than a measly million people. As a great example of this, we had a client, this is back a couple years ago at this point.

We were spending upwards of $200,000 a month on content. Out of the total quantity of impressions that we would get per month, it exceeded about 100 million people. Let's round it down to 100 million just for the sake of visualization. If again, we have that same 10% that just absolutely hate the [ __ ] out of this business. That is 10 million people.

Can you really visualize that? how many 100,000 person arenas full of people who absolutely [ __ ] despise you would that be? a whole [ __ ] lot of arenas, right? probably pretty incomprehensible to actually consider, but that's how it works. Now, here's the good part about skeptics.

Like i said, they're generally very quiet people. They don't really have a large social network. After all, they're skeptics. They're pessimists. They're cynics.

But all it takes is one. All it takes is one of those little [ __ ] you ever seen a zombie movie where there's one zombie that all of a sudden appears and then there's like a [ __ ] cajillion of them that just start pouring over the walls in mass? that's sometimes all it takes. It can take one reddit thread. It can take one trust pilot review.

It can take one little comment on an ad video. You understand where i'm going with this? it takes one little skeptic to all of a sudden have all the other skeptics feel comfortable enough because skeptics don't move individually. Skeptics move in packs. Skeptics are group thinkers.

They do not operate in isolation. Okay? there's occasionally one of those [ __ ] with enough courage to try to step up and vocalize their hate towards you. But i can't stress this enough, and this is very important you understand this. Once one of them does, it's like out of nowhere, there's a whole [ __ ] bunch of them that do.

Now, if you've seen one of the greatest videos on my channel, in my opinion, where i talk about the risk spectrum, i lay out the fact that i believe there's four types of buyers. I think the buyer type number one is typically the person who takes the highest risk. These are the first movers. These people do not give a [ __ ] about somebody else have already been there, done that before they choose to do something. They just do it.

They go out of their way, throw their nuts on the table all the time. These would be those of you that are already inside of programs like mine, like my jeremy's inner circle program, or those of you that have swung the bat and joined into my master internet marketing offer, which there's links for down in the description. Now, here's the thing. There's a lot of people that are in group number two. These people are still technically high risk, but they're not nearly as high risk as movers number one.

Movers number one, those first movers, boy, do they not give a [ __ ] about what anybody else thinks. Second movers, they require the first movers to have already taken an action to prove that it works. Second movers feel comfortable doing something when somebody's already done it. Somebody's already taken the risk. Somebody's already proven it.

Why? generally, it comes down to money. The people who take the highest risk generally have the most cash. The people who take the second higher risk risk, they don't have as much cash. They're still willing to take risks, but because their bank balances are smaller and their total recurring revenue and monthly revenues are smaller, they just can't swing the bat as often or nearly as hard.

So therefore, they have to move. It's like walking in the snow. Somebody else already walked in front of them. Person type number two would take the steps of the person who went first. They'd follow in the footsteps.

Again, they have to do that because they require certainty. Then you get down to person type number three. Person type number three doesn't have nearly as much money. These are absolutely by all means low-risk people. These low-risk [ __ ] they are the group thinkers.

These people are those who you would look at as like one of those pods of fish. You know what i'm talking about? the ones in the ocean that just all swim together at the same time. No matter which direction they move, they all collectively do the exact same [ __ ] group thinkers generally have slightly higher skepticism as well. Their skepticism all comes from their lack of income.

There are small bank balances. When you talk about person type number two and person type number one, just keep in mind they just have more money, so they're willing to take more risks. Person type number two requires person type number one to already have done it. Person type number three requires a fuckload, and i mean a fuckload of positive, already been there, done that, people to be actively talking about it in ways that are believable to them to take an action. Okay?

and this is also something to really consider in terms of the separation of markets, right? you can get b2b and b toc people in both of these quadrants here undoubtedly. But one thing that's always really funny to me is like when somebody for the first time starts selling b toc, usually who they realize they start to attract is is a bunch of third and fourth stage movers. Okay, third and fourth stage movers, super high levels of skepticism, super distrusting, such low amounts of money that they have to have something that they're considering putting money into already be proven to work at an exponential rate. And again, when you're operating at scale, here's the thing, just to tie all this together for you.

When you're operating at scale, you have all that social proof. You have gotten word out there that you're the [ __ ] man. You have started to get people incredible results with your high ticket product or service. You're doing [ __ ] awesome. And as a result of doing awesome, you reach a point where people in the third stage and unfortunately the fourth stage start to consider buying from you.

And that might sound good because it opens up a new market, but it opens up a market that behaves completely differently. These people behave in a way that you will [ __ ] hate. And most of your systems right now are not built for person type number three and person type number four. Let me tell you real quick before we move on about person type number four. Person type number four absolutely [ __ ] sucks.

These are the worst of the worst. These people are not only skeptical, these people are cynical. These people absolutely [ __ ] hate everything. If this type of person comes through your sales process, they are not there to consider buying. They are there to prove themselves right that you are doing something wrong and are not worth investing into.

These people clog your pipelines. These people waste the [ __ ] out of everybody's times. These people are just like draining people. They're like eeyore and winnie the pooh. They are just down and mopey and sad and just honestly the lowest level people amongst us in society.

They're pessimistic as well. They hate everything and they do it from a perspective of having such little money. Generally, these people are in debt. Generally, these people don't have any real incomes. Generally, these people's lives just suck when you look at it.

There's not a lot going on for these people at all. And that's the world view that they participate in. So instead of actively trying to go out there and find the good in the world seeking opportunity, what they do instead is they validate that the world sucks. It's all they do. They just go out of their way and they try to find every little nitpicky [ __ ] thing that would let them know that their world sucks.

The world they live in sucks, you suck. That's all they're looking for. They're just trying to validate that. So again, here's what happens. Okay, at scale, you're going to have some problem.

Okay, the ideal pocket to stay in is the person types number one and the person types number two. Soon as you get to the point where you start to have awareness from person types number three and person types number four, you have to start what we call active deterrent. Okay? active deterrent is critical. It's kind of like if you had the batmobile and some motherfucker's coming up behind you and you want to press that little button for the oil slick or you want to drop some spikes on the ground and pop that fucker's tires and spin them out so they can't catch up to you.

You need an active deter. You got to have a a switch that you can flick and a button you can press that gets those [ __ ] out of your pipeline. You want them out of your world. So, what do you do? okay, i'll give you a great one.

I'm going to give you a literal example of something i do so you can see it yourself in action. Okay, so again, i constantly talk about cracking million-dollar months. One thing that i've never done, i've never shown my own revenue numbers. I crack million-dollar months. I'll tell you that confidently.

But i'll tell you this, too. I won't ever share those revenue numbers cuz that caters to the skeptics. Everybody who's in person type number one and person type number two when they watch my videos, they already [ __ ] know. They're like, "no, this guy absolutely knows his [ __ ] it's not a [ __ ] doubt in hell that this guy knows the [ __ ] he's talking about. He's clearly been there, done that." look at all the people that you can go around and ask that are high level about me.

They all validate exactly what i'm sitting here talking to you about. I don't need to show my numbers. Only caters to the skeptics. Only cater to those dumb [ __ ] okay? we're not trying to do that.

I'll give you another one. Anytime that somebody asks, cuz we've had a little, believe it or not, i'll give you a perfect one. Between october 17th of 2025 and december 2nd of 2025, we had eight, not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, but [ __ ] eight people that cracked a million dollars a month for the first time in jeremy's inner circle. Now, am i sitting here telling you you're going to join into that group and crack a million dollars a month? [ __ ] no.

Get [ __ ] here's another example. Income claims. Income claims attract the brokies because income claims, you got to remember, they validate that there's certainty in risking the dollars. No, it's the exact opposite. When you join jeremy's inner circle, all i do is provide you incredible information, resources, access to that type of person in a tight-knit networking group.

I provide certainty. I give you answers. I validate what you think you need to know. I give you new information you need to know. I tell you everything in all different forms.

Sops, training videos, one-on-one calls, dms, group chats, group calls, you name it. It's a fuckload of information in there. But it's high risk. You got to consume the information. You got to go apply the information.

You're going to obviously take financial bets to get that money back. We don't guarantee [ __ ] because if we did, we'd attract dumb asses in the third and fourth category. We don't want those people. We actively do exactly what i'm sitting here doing now and tell those people to get [ __ ] my content is for rich people trying to get richer. My content is for guys ideally like you already making a couple hundred grand a month or already making a couple mill a month just trying to take that next leg up aggressively.

You don't give a [ __ ] you'd be deterred by an income claim as you should because it would increase your skepticism cuz it's not how you talk and it's not how you behave. It's not what you seek. You seek risk because you understand how getting richer is. They don't. The skeptics don't understand that.

So, when you do something as simple and as nuanced as making income claims or providing them the additional certainty that they desperately seek, let me be clear when i say this, just to get back to my point. I have helped at this point just with the most recent eight i just pointed out. Upwards of 60 people now hit milliondoll months. We've had three, no excuse, we've had four people crack $5 million a month that we've given those trophies to. I'm never going to name those [ __ ] there's never going to be a video that's like, "oh, hey guys, here's like the exact [ __ ] name of every single person we've ever helped crack a million dollars a month." you know why?

cuz again, person type number one and person type number two doesn't give a [ __ ] are they curious? yeah, i'm sure they are. But here's the thing. You join jeremy's inner circle there and there. You can talk to them in there.

They'll reveal themselves in there. They're never going to [ __ ] get revealed on my public platforms. Why? cuz those people value privacy. Those people don't want little cockroaches copying their offers and trying to just leech on their [ __ ] you get what i mean?

you got to know how to play the game. If i sat here and i just actively revealed every single one of those people and their exact model, who does that really cater to? so again, when you think of active deterrence, one of the number one deterrence that exists is messaging. It's the classic marketing example. Who it's for, who it's not for.

You got to vocalize that all the [ __ ] time. And you got to do it in creative ways, like the examples i just provided to you here. Okay? you got to understand this kind of stuff. I'll give you another great one.

Constantly putting the risks i take on display. That's a great one because what it does is it creates uncertainty in those financially inferior people. And it shows the people who are in a financially secure position what type of risks they can take. It appeals to person type number one and person type number two. And i never make a risk sound cozy.

There's never a risk that is safe. It is a risk. It has upsides. It has plenty of [ __ ] downsides. When you hide the risk, you are naturally communicating more towards a person type number three and a person type number four.

Messaging is one of the number one variables that people [ __ ] up. It's one of the number one ways, especially at scale, that they start to cater towards that kind of individual and start to get all of that type of person to come through their funnels. And as a result, the sales team is like, "dude, these leads suck. They're not closing." you're going to see the quantity of people doing financing deals kick up an exponential amount. And those people, i can't stress enough, if you sell to those types of people, you're going to relate to exactly what i'm about to say.

Those people apply pressure to your organization. You need to deliver. I deeply believe in delivering. I deeply believe in getting the result. Not in any way, shape, or form trying to say you shouldn't be out here getting people hella result.

But i will say this, those people, they have to get a result. They need the result. They can't risk not getting the result. And so when i say they add pressure to your organization, oh boy, oh boy, you have no clue. It's a rational pressure.

It's a completely different type of pressure compared to the good pressure that comes from wanting to deliver for the right people. It turns into needing to deliver for the wrong people. Needing to deliver for the wrong people sucks, man. You're going to be out here stressing. They're going to have like a week go by.

They didn't get the product yet. You didn't start getting them results yet. Whatever the [ __ ] you sold them, they're not seeing any action that they have an unrealistic expectation to have already started receiving. And then bam, they're going to go online, they're going to talk on reddit about you. They're going to write you a trust pilot review.

They're going to go and they're going to make some [ __ ] youtube video about you trashing you. And all of a sudden, that one skeptic just kicks the [ __ ] open out of that door. And then a whole bunch of other [ __ ] who never even bought your stuff. That's the thing about skeptics. That's the thing about the people in person type number three and four.

They don't even need to have bought your stuff. They're going to start leaving reviews, too. They're going to start jumping into those reddit threads. It's kind of the craziest part about most reddit threads that talk poorly about businesses. There's usually like one to maybe two people that actually bought this [ __ ] and then everybody else didn't even buy it.

There's a whole bunch of stuff that i'd like to talk about, but i won't talk about it on youtube because i don't want it to rank inside of search engines or inside of ais. I don't want it inside of any llms. It's all kinds of stuff that i withhold from my programs like jeremy's inner circle and my master internet marketing group, both of which there's links for down in the description. I will tell you this though, the amount of information that i talk about on youtube is about 10 to 20% of what i could actually sit here and yap at you about. And everything that i talk about is intended from the same perspective to help you get rich.

I look forward to the day where you make enough money with my youtube content for free to turn around and spend that house money on some of my paid programs. And if you already have, shame on you if you haven't pulled the trigger yet, cuz imagine i help you this much for free. How much more am i going to help you when you actually pay me? i take my job quite seriously. I would encourage you join into my jeremy's inner circle offer if you make our minimum at the very least of a couple hundred grand a month.

We want you in there. We want you a part of the network if you're the right person. We do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls. We have the half circle now which is half the cost. No one-on-one calls though and no mastermind access.

The full inner circle we do four times a year right over at our office here in miami, florida. And then right here on the penthouse balcony for day two, four times a year we do our masterminds. Like i said, we got eight people right now getting a million dollar trophies at the upcoming q1 2026 mastermind. We help people get richer, man. We're real good at our jobs.

No matter which program you get from me, i promise you this, you'll be very satisfied. You'll get everything that you're looking for and then some. I hope that you like today's video. Subscribe to the channel. Go check out some of my other videos and leave a comment with what you pulled out of this one or a lesson that you would like to share on the same topic for others.

Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Run A 60-Day Promo Cycle For Challenge Funnels
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G7AFPzL5I8
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

I call them challenge funnels. Some people call them three-day virtual events. Whichever one you call them, they make a fuckload of money at one time. Challenge funnels and three-day virtual events, to be fair, are actually a little bit different. Challenge funnels usually have some kind of outcome that you're trying to help people produce.

3-day virtual events are essentially that. You don't really care about like trying to get them involved in the game. You don't really care about like some kind of outcome based thing in the event. You're just essentially doing a virtual event instead of an in-person event. So, in that regard, they are a little different.

But again, in either scenario, they are a lump sum funnel. Therefore, i'm going to dedicate an entire series here on my channel to this topic. We already have one video on this that goes through some of the best practices of having your own challenge funnel or 3-day virtual event with a client that spent $292,000, was 1.9x profitable going into it, and generated about 3.4 mil in cash off of the upsell in the event totaling about $4 million. Same client and a handful of new clients are also doing their challenges. So, i'm going to have more case study videos to break down for you about what they did, how they did it, and what worked, what didn't work.

So, you can learn some lessons. But for now, i'm going to pass down some of the specific things that i've been talking to these people about that i've been paid to consult them on. That way, you can learn some of those insights, too. In this particular video, i'm going to go through the promotional cycle of these virtual events. You need about 60 days and there's a very specific plan of action that you want to follow and i'm going to make sure you understand that.

We're going to go through the best practices, some of the statistics and kpis that you'd otherwise expect. We're going to go through all the assets that you need to make sure you produce as well going into the promotional cycle. This is going to be a banger of a video and of course it all relates to our channel's topic hitting million-dollar months or tacking on that next million month. When you do this right, you can make a fuckload of money at one time. But let me be clear.

We have no idea who you are and whether you have any probability to make any money at all cuz again this is youtube. So again, there's no income claims. There is no earning potential. We know [ __ ] all about you. And we have no idea what your specific probability is of doing anything.

But here's what we do know. To hit 10 million a year, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, they claim only.1% of people on earth will ever hit that number. So therefore, there's an even smaller probability you hit a million a month, let alone a couple million a month. So anyway, without further ado, let's dive in. The promotional cycle of these virtual events, i say it's 60 days.

60 days is typically the sweet spot. When you want it to be big, okay, here's the thing. When you want a big sum of money at one time, you got to have a large quantity of people that sign up to it. And i do my paid challenges with all my clients with a paid price point ranging from as low as like $37 to $47 all the way up to a low couple hundred give or take where we're at within that 60-day promotional cycle. And time and time again, we get people to go into the event profitable and therefore everything that they upsell during the event is all the more profit that they accumulate, which is the best case scenario.

We have two consulting deals right now that a random agency i've met through these two consulting deals has had couple hundred per sale losses getting buyers going into it, which obviously limits the total amount of money towards ad spend that you're going to be able to justify risking. When you get to the point where you follow some of the best practices that i'll lay out, not just in this video, but in this whole challenge virtual event series, you're going to have a good time. Per usual, let me just disclose, i don't dump everything that i know on youtube, trying to incentivize you to go out there and be able to get enough of a result with what i teach on the channel to make some money and then pay me so i can put you onto the real game. Anyway, back to my point. 60 days, that's more than enough to [ __ ] up a few times, have a few mishaps, have a few things that you need to fix.

Let me give you an example of what i mean. We typically risk a good couple hundred,000 in ad spend. Okay? and as a result of doing so, it's a lot of creative that we need. So couple hundred,000 in ad spend.

So we therefore need a ton of creatives. Okay. With andromeda. And for all those who don't know what andromeda is, if you're going to promote this on facebook and instagram, you're going to need to know what andromeda is. Meta has a two-part algorithm prior to an ad even being distributed into the news feed and that whole part of the algorithm.

It's called their retrieval and ranking system. The retrieval systems andromeda. The ranking system is a system known as meta lattis. We have a whole video on this channel dedicated to meta andromeda. And of course, in all our paid programs, we have a tremendous amount of training on that topic and as well as metal lattice.

Anyway, with meta andromeda, if you're familiar and on game with what we typically encourage, we like to say that an ad set nowadays needs 25 to 30 unique through and through well diversified from a messaging perspective ad creatives in there, which ideally can be a combination of videos and images. And as a result of that, you're going to need to go film a lot of videos, as you can imagine, especially at higher dollars of ad spend risk. The more spend that you typically put out, the more creatives that you're typically going to need is a good rule of thumb. So anyway, let's just say at the absolute bare minimum, how many are realistically going to need to project here to go into this promotional cycle? at a minimum, you're going to need about 25 to 30 unique videos.

Okay, unique videos that can turn into a good couple hundred with b-roll combinations, clipping out different parts of the ad, and mixing them together with some of the other parts of the ads. But at a minimum, you want 25 to 30 unique through and through video creatives that can be leveraged here because again, that can turn into a whole lot more. But that in itself is technically what andromeda requires. So anyway, back to my point, once you actually get to the point where you have all those ads filmed, obviously you're going to want to write a bunch of ad copy as well. Typically, we launch every single unique ad with five body copy variations and five headlines.

It's not dynamic creative in terms of it being literally marked as dynamic on the adset level or flexible ads on the ad level. The moral of the story is i'm just simply saying we want to because they give us the ability to do this. Load up each ad with the same five pieces of body copy and five headlines. Gives us a whole lot of individual ad combinations that can be distributed. Now, once we get all that stuff created, we obviously need a nice sales page.

Our sales page cuz we're going to do a paid event. We have a great template and a whole set in our challenge funnel sop doc that we give out to all of our inner circle members and to our master internet marketing students and of course our consulting clients and agency client. But here's the thing. Without me sitting here showing you all these landing pages and sales pages, you obviously are going to need a good sales page. That's going to be typically a long form page.

You're going to have the agenda laid out on there, the potential co-speakers. Obviously, you're going to have some testimonials and like the whole theme of the virtual event or the whole challenge. You're going to have some faqs, and you're going to have a schedule of the pricing on that page. That's one of the most important things that correlates to this 60-day window. There's a very specific time frame of when you're going to promote what in terms of pricing.

And if i map that out for you here, this far end being the day that the event actually starts and this being when the promotional cycle starts. At the very beginning, you're going to have what's called early bird pricing. Okay, early bird pricing is your cheapest pricing that you're typically going to have. Early bird can typically range from about 47. You can even go as low as 37 if you wanted to, but i like 47.

And you're going to recognize why as we continue to go on throughout this promotional cycle. The higher the aov i can have, the better off i'm going to be because ideally i'm profitable going into the challenge. So again, 37 to 47. And this is your general pricing. Okay, that means like the standard ticket, that's what they get.

Your vip on the other hand can range from like 97 to a 150 price point, somewhere in that range. And that vip is going to come with a handful of other things that you can make up that distinctively make it more valuable than whatever the general pricing is. Now, you're going to ride this out for a total of about four weeks, okay? and that first four weeks, this is what's very interesting about our 60-day promotional cycles from what we've seen time and time again. So, as time goes on and as our total like tickets sold or accumulated against time, we've time and time again, this is what we've seen from other people, they'll typically get a very low quantity of tickets sold at the beginning and they'll get like all the tickets sold in the days leading into the actual event start date.

We have not seen that. We actually kind of see the exact opposite. We typically see a fair bit of tickets selling at the beginning in a very random amount and then as we get closer to the event, it just kind of ticks up a little bit, right? but we get a lot of tickets sold at the very beginning from this 60-day promotional strategy that i'm going to provide to you. And when it comes to ad spend, again, we're typically profiting going into the event.

And we just accumulate a little bit more profit with that delta of pricing going up as we get closer to the event start date. So again, we're a little less profitable and the and the profitability fluctuates, okay, relative to where our aov is at and relative to where our cost per ticket sold is at. So anyway, back to my point. First four weeks is typically what we call the early bird pricing. Now the following three weeks in this total of an 8week promotional cycle, we typically have what we call extended early bird pricing.

If there are any holidays, like as an example, we have a client right now that we're actively promoting a 3-day virtual event for. They had early bird. They then had a labor day sale cuz labor day just happened to be in the middle of our early bird ending and our extended early bird starting. So, we took advantage of that holiday sale. The holiday sale is just essentially whatever the pricing is relative to where you're at in that 60-day promotional cycle.

So, if you have a holiday that's in the first four weeks where you're doing early bird, you're still technically at early bird pricing for the holiday sale. It's the same pricing. To theme it different to have some context and a higher probability to not be dealing with holiday inflation when it comes to ad spend. If you know better, you've seen it all year. Holidays that are rather insignificant have been causing dramatic inflation to your cost per result.

So therefore, in order to counter that, we can have a holiday sale. It works really well. So anyway, we then have what's called our extended early bird. Okay, the extended early bird is just a little bit higher cost. Usually we go up to about a87 to a $97 price for our general pricing.

Okay, our vip usually goes up to that 150 to 200 range at this point. We're trying to punish the people that are buying at a later date. Now, here's the thing. Are you going to see in that regard a drop in total buyers as a result of increasing price temporarily? yes.

Forever? no. Usually during the first few days of the transition from early bird to extended early bird, you see a little bit of a drop, okay? and then it starts to pick up again because again, there's just that small wave of people that were just seeing it at the previous price and then you open up a whole new audience. Now, i'm going to give you one pro tip that to be honest with you, i'm kind of surprised i'm going to sit here and drop on youtube, but i feel generous right now.

The extended early bird when you initially make that transition from a lower price to a slightly higher price. That's where it makes a lot of sense to open up some new audiences on the ad channel that you're targeting on. So, as an example, for the initial early bird, i'm typically going to do our warm audiences only. And i'm going to still have some cold audiences set up relative to how large my warm audience is, give or take the client account we're working on. But when it comes to the extended early bird, no matter what, i'm opening up the total budgets or i'm opening up those adsets with the new targeting options worked into it completely when i transition to the extended early bird.

That way, i'm getting it in front of new people that haven't had the anchor bias to the previous price, which dramatically reduces the overall drop i'm going to see. It doesn't make it as severe. There's still a little drop, but again, it's not nearly as severe as what it otherwise could be. And that's what continues to carry this trend here up and to the right. So long story short, when you see this trend start to trend up, well, we're getting closer to the event.

We're officially four weeks out when we transition to the extended early bird. Okay, so there's a natural scarcity, a natural fear of missing out that occurs when we make that transition. So anyway, long story short, in the final week, okay, so when we're officially one week out, this is what we call the punisher window. Okay, the punisher window is essentially just standard pricing. So, whatever your actual prices should have been, like you should have been doing that thing where you slash it out.

So, like if you're doing the, let's say, the regular early bird, right? and your normal pricing is going to go up to $97 when you transition to the extended early bird, you would have that 97 for what extended early bird's going to be crossed out. You'd have the early bird price. Once that happens and you're officially transitioned to your actual extended early bird price, which now might be $97, your regular price might be $147. And again, during the extended early bird, that's going to be shown but crossed out.

Right? and what this does, just to be clear, is for all the people that saw it during the early bird window. And then all the people that saw it again during the extended early bird window, you are demonstrating that you're not full of [ __ ] when you do this. Show them the actual price that you're about to raise it up to and make sure that you actually raise the price up to that level. It builds a lot of trust and it lets people know that you're not full of [ __ ] so anyway, when you get to the point of doing your punisher pricing, this is usually in the range of about 150 bucks, okay?

we usually do about 147 for the general and then usually for our vip, we generally crank it up to about a 250 range. Generally, it's like 200 250 somewhere in there. And that's how this thing ends. Therefore, we get technically a lower quantity of people that'll purchase towards the tail end, but we're charging more money. So, our overall aov goes up, which allows us to spend more money, which still allows us to accumulate more people.

You understand? it's like you don't want to have the belief during the promotional cycle that you're selling to the same demographic the entire time. You want to look at it like, okay, as long as i stay roi positive going into the actual event, like on the event tickets sold, i have a dramatically high probability just to continue pushing as much [ __ ] ad dollars as i can towards this thing. And that's generally what we encourage clients to do. Like as an example for the video that we have on this page where our client was a 1.9 roi going into it just off literal ticket sales alone.

The mistake that they made was they only spent $292,000. Now this is an organization where although yes, in almost every deal that we do, we typically contribute like literally everything that they do in terms of the ideation and like they followed to the tea what we say. Not on this deal. This deal there's a lot of cooks in the kitchen. So there's a lot of influence from all kinds of people in the decision-making process, including people that they've paid like multiple six figures to that are going to help them host the event that have seen this at a very large scale.

And again, these are like credible people that are lending perspective too. So anyway, moral of the story is i don't always get to do exactly what i would normally do in every other deal where we have a lot more influence and control. Regardless though, in this specific deal, right, the one thing that was extremely obvious, they should have kicked up this ad spend dramatically. There should have been a whole lot more ad spend. The issue was they didn't believe that these were the right people that were buying it because they're so used to selling directly at 10k as their minimum price.

So, this was a new thing for them. This is a new concept. You know, they didn't simply put have a lot of certainty and confidence. This same client is currently promoting another 3-day virtual event right now. And i've been spending upwards of 50k every day for this entire cycle of time.

Like, i've gotten the opportunity to kick it up higher than that on specific days where our cost per purchase is reduced. You understand? like, they're not holding back in any way, shape, or form. When i eventually drop that case study on this channel, you guys will see it firsthand for what that total spend became, what it turned into in terms of total dollars and with a handful of other clients that we've done the same thing with at this point. Anyway, here's my point.

The goal is to be rorowass positive. And all of the rorowaz that i get immediately, like all of it, to be clear, should be justified getting thrown right back into ad spend because the point of the challenge funnel, the point of the 3-day virtual event is not to like put these dollars that come from this back into your pocket. These are your gambling dollars. Like your goal should be spend whatever initial ad spend you're willing to put towards this whole thing, get that money back in real time, and literally every dollar that you get back from it, you throw right back into the total ad spend pile. That way, it's a cyclic process of accumulation, growth, and scale that occurs.

You want to build significant momentum. Like on this recent set of consulting deals, they're using the same agency, and there's two specific guys that i was able to talk to within this agency on these calls, and they did the same thing in both deals. Like in both deals, they had lost money going into it, so they weren't roi positive, but they've done multiple challenges with these clients. And with that specific client that they've done multiple challenges with, every single time, no matter what, they've been roi positive by about 4x on the total amount spent versus the total amount returned. Like they'll spend upwards of, let's say, half a million dollars and they'll make back like 2 to$2.5 million, right?

in that example, they already have a proven concept. They already know that this works. Therefore, they can justify even though they're losing money on the front end to spend even more money. But they haven't. Nobody's came in and just pushed them and said, "spend more [ __ ] money." and no one's told the client, "hey man, you should be comfortable fronting even more cash even though you're losing money on the front end." and then again, they bring somebody in like me to help them get to the point where they can be profitable on the ticket sales, which ideally we can work them to the point where they will be.

So anyway, here's my point. You should have a goal during the promotion cycle where like you have a certain budget applied towards this whole thing. And when that budget starts to return profitable dollars, you just immediately tell whoever's spending the money, hey, anything up to this, this is our current aov, spend as much as you possibly can and just monitor it at different times of the day. And this is where obviously you got to have a lot of confidence in your advertisers. You got to have a lot of confidence in your agency that you're working with to actually be able to push up significantly fast because again, they only have 60 days to do so.

The issue is with, as an example, with that agency that i looked at when we were doing the uh the consulting deal for that company that's has a challenge funnel coming up. They scaled in in like a very like insignificant way. You know, they'd scale like a couple thousand bucks, you know, or like at most the biggest attempt to scale up was like a couple grand. You you got to understand like we've scaled that challenge funnel i articulated to you where we're spending 50k a day from like 10k a day to 25k a day to 50k a day to 75k a day. And we're doing that through cost cap bidding within the ad account.

That allows us to dramatically increase the level of scale that we're able to accomplish. There's a video dedicated on my channel, by the way, to three different ways to scale. If you want to go check that out, you're more than welcome to. Gives you some great ways you can go about doing it. From the slow and steady method to the surfing method that uh mr.

Tim bird has taught and that we taught inside of that video and in addition to that, the cost per x strategy that i teach. Plenty of great tactics to scale. If you're interested in that topic, go check out that video on my channel after this. So, anyway, back to my point. To get your aov as high as you possibly can, you're going to need a handful of things.

Okay? so, when it comes to aov best practices, and again, ao ob, your average order value is obviously going to be made up of a few things. It's going to be the ticket sales. And here, you want to make sure you look at the percentage breakdown of regular, like your general pricing versus the vip pricing. Okay, you can have, just to be clear on this specific kpi, upwards of 30 to 50% of people taking your vip.

Okay, in addition to the ticket itself, you can have those little one-click upsells and the one-click upsells. Let me just be clear on what i'm saying because this can be interpreted in a few different ways. On the very first checkout page that they see and that the person goes to to buy, right below the little order form, i'm talking about the little check boxes to add a product right there on the checkout page. I'm not talking about the one-click upselles that come after that. We're about to talk about that now.

So, you can juice the aov by having a higher skewed ratio of vip comparatively to general. Okay, it's never probable to be a majority, but hey, with a good enough offer in the vip, you can definitely pull it off. Don't let the limitations i'm projecting onto the stat prevent you from potentially having that statistic play out in your favor. Just from the averages we've seen, we haven't ever seen vip overtake the total quantity of general admission tickets when it comes to the percentage of who buys what. Again, those little check boxes, man, if you can get a good 5 to 10% of people to check that little box and add whatever it is to that initial order price, and you peg those at like 10 bucks to maybe $30, that is the sweet spot on those where it's really easy to just add a little bit extra to your total aov, so it weights up a little higher.

Then you have the actual one-click order pages that follow the checkout page. You should ideally have two of these. Okay, so just to be clear, you have the main sales page, you have the checkout page, okay? you have those little order bumps on the page, okay? and then from there, you got the upsells, you'd have upsell one, you'd have upsell two, okay?

and then usually after that, you'd have a call funnel, okay? rather than just a confirmation page at the very end where you'd have your call funnel, like your vssl, your application, your scheduleuler. That way you can try to close some of these people before the event even starts, which is going to help you become more profitable as you go into the event. Remember, the higher the aov, the more money that you're probable to be able to spend and the bigger the overall event's going to be and the bigger the [ __ ] lumpsum's going to be that comes out the other side of doing this thing. Okay?

these matter the most when you're going through the promotional cycle. And need i not say you want to be pushing on all fronts. You want to be pushing on the paid side. You want to be pushing on the organic side. You don't just want to be one channel centric.

If you can get affiliates involved, all the better. The more people that you get to sign up to this event and you execute the following steps of doing the actual challenge, we'll have a whole set of videos in this series dedicated to show rates of challenge funnels. We'll have a whole whole video dedicated in this particular series on what you should actually cover in the challenges. And we'll also have best practices of the pitch. And i just want to be clear, although yes, this is going to be a tremendous series, i'm holding back a tremendous amount of information that i could otherwise give you if you were in a program like our inner circle offer or one of our consulting clients that we teach how to do these things, too.

We also talk about this kind of stuff inside of our master internet marketing program. All of which there's links for down in the description if you want to join a group. By the way, we do our inner circle masterminds right here where i'm sitting in good old miami, florida. And then we transition over to the penthouse on sunday all day. On our 2500 foot balcony overlooking the city with 270°ree views to hang out, eat great food, talk to one another about getting richer.

It's a mastermind group where we do masterminds four times a year. Weekly group calls on whatever topics relate to getting richer, making more money, and you can request what those topics are. We do twice a month one-on-one calls in that group. We have a very active group chat. You get unlimited access to jeremy ai in that specific offer which you can write, text, talk, you could do zoom calls with it.

Most people talk to it though via writing. That's the most efficient and effective way. And it's not some fugazi [ __ ] ai. It's literally trained on every single thing that i've ever documented. Client calls, one-on-one calls, those things you'd never even see.

They're only trained in jeremy ai. In addition to that, every single [ __ ] thing i've ever written, documented, sops, by the way, that's the other thing. You get 33 different sops and counting. They grow rather frequently. We upload a few of those a month.

And an extensive training library. That's just what comes with the inner circle. That's a group for rich people trying to get a whole lot richer. And then of course we have the master internet marketing program. Just as phenomenal, but built for everybody.

A great program that you can preview week one of the 7we class 4 down with the link in the description. Okay folks. Well, that's all i've got for you in this particular one. If you're watching this at the time before the subsequent videos are uploaded, just keep your eye on the channel. Press that little notification button.

That way you see the subsequent videos in the series. And of course, give or take the time that you're watching this, some of those other videos might already be published. So go check them out. And at the very least, if you're not interested in this anymore, i got a bunch of other videos on helping you get richer on my channel. Thanks so much for being here.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: How To Structure Content For High-Converting 3-Day Events
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC5aKqhR0Cg
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

3-day virtual events, challenge funnels, whichever one you call them or decide to go with, lumpsum funnels, lot of money you can make. Therefore, we have a whole series dedicated on this channel and a nice little playlist for you on the best practices of this type of virtual event. And in this video, out of all those videos in the series, we're going to be covering what to actually cover, the content structure of the virtual event itself. We typically do our virtual events in 3-day formats. Some people do them a little longer, some people do them a little less.

I'll talk openly about why we prefer the 3-day. And again, whole topic of this video is going to be diving deep on what you should cover throughout these three days, what the flow and the structure should be in order to maximize the total return and the lump sum that you should be able to produce through this type of funnel. So, welcome in. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is hitting million-doll months. You're either tacking on the first million a month or going after that next million a month if you're sitting here watching these videos.

And per usual, we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability at all to go out there and hit million-dollar months. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, the probability to even do $10 million a year.1%. Okay? so, your odds are really [ __ ] low to do something that's going to be an even smaller percentile probability to hit million-doll months. But again, if you're sitting here watching this, all we're doing is passing down the lessons of people who have been there, done that for all our clients over the years, our inner circle members, consulting deals, etc.

Just handing down what works. So again, entertainment and education purposes. If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you here. Without further ado, let's dive in.

So we like to do the three days rather than 5 days or 4 days because there's going to be a drop off on each subsequent day. And a lot of people think that during the virtual event, you have to have an extreme overwhelming amount of content prior to making your pitch to get the most people to convert. Sometimes that's true relative to the pricing and the skepticism and the overall education that might be necessary for your specific niche and what you do. Here's what we do on our end. We found time and time again that 3 days is the sweet spot.

That's the pocket. That's the goldilock zone. Okay. Reason being, day one, we're just going to do a fuckload of content. Day two, the entire first half of the day, we're going to do a fuckload of content.

We're going to do our pitch at the end of day two. Day three, we're going to do a rep pitch, a vip upsell pitch. We're going to do another rep pitch from somebody else. And then usually we're going to close it out with another content section. That's a summary of the flow.

Now, we really have found time and time again that 3 days is the pocket sweet spot goldilock zone solely because we've tested those same exact clients with longer formats and shorter formats. And we've done so many of these over the years that again time and time again, we find that the 3-day ends up being the pocket. You don't need to do more. And if you do less, sometimes it's a little risky because you'd make a little less from doing less content overall. So anyway, three days is the pocket.

That's what we're sold on. So therefore, in this video, i'm going to demonstrate to you what type of content you need to plug into each one of those days. Here it goes. Day one, all content. Okay?

whatever the actual theme is of the virtual event or whatever the outcome is that you want to help people produce in the challenge funnel, your goal in day one is to break down as much as you possibly can about whatever it is that you're specifically selling people on and talking to them about. Here's the thing. Usually in the first part of the day, like the first and the second session are generally what we call get them in the game content. Okay. The get them in the game content is it's a way of thinking where you got to try to treat them like they don't understand why whatever you're going to try to get them to do or why whatever you want them to buy into even needs to be bought into in the first place.

Right? think about it like this. I'm making the assumption in this exact video right now that you're already sold on doing a virtual event. I'm not really selling you on doing it. I'm sold and i'm thinking you're sold on doing it already.

So, if you really reflect on how i'm communicating to you right now, it's under the assumption you already understand the premise of why you do this because it's a lump sum event and people make a fuckload of money doing it is likely why you're going to do it. Okay? and it's a big significant lump sum comparatively to any other funnel type that you generally can commit to doing. And it all happens at once. Thus why we call it a lumpsum funnel.

But again, i'm not sitting here making a video. There's there's not a video in this playlist you'll find on that specific topic. Again, i'm assuming you're already sold on the idea. Now, in a virtual event, in a challenge funnel, you don't typically want to operate under that assumption. Okay?

a challenge funnel, if you've watched the pricing video for this specific concept where i talk about the promotional cycle, the price points, when to price it at what prices based on where you're at in the promotional cycle. You'll notice it's relatively low ticket, right? it's tens of dollars or maybe low hundreds of dollars that somebody's going to commit to. Therefore, we have to treat it like any other low ticket product from that perspective. Generally with any kind of low ticket product we sell, the whole point of it is to help get somebody a result as fast as we can get them a result.

Okay? the speed in which we can help somebody produce an outcome is the speed in which we are probable to upsell them. Now, here's what's very important to understand about that key concept. Outcomes don't always have to be an actual tangible result that they've gone out and produced. Sometimes all that has to happen in order to get somebody to go from low ticket to high ticket is making them feel like they understand it thoroughly enough to make a decision about what you're going to sell them that's high ticket.

You get them in the game mentally and that's why we open it up with this concept of this get them in the game logic. We want to break down why it makes sense to do whatever you're talking about doing. This is where you give people the background information. This is where you give people like your origination story for how you got into this or the brand's origination story and like why you do what you do. This is where you go into the data that matters to frame them on everything else they're about to subsequently learn.

Now, here's the better way to do this, too. Typically, challenge funnels virtual events, they have like a main speaker, they have a host, they have somebody who's going to be like centric and presenting and making the pitch during the entirety of this event. That's typically the person that opens up and that's typically who tries to get them in the game. Now, can you strategically bring in other speakers that can also help do this? yes, that's one thing you'll find is a commonality throughout this whole process of what we're going through here together.

You'll hear me reference things like, "hey, by the way, you might have somebody else here that gives like a counter take on the exact same thing and further sells on the idea, but from a completely different perspective on why it makes sense to do whatever you're talking to them about doing." you could do that during this section if you wanted to. You'll lose a little bit of authority. But again, just getting them in the game matters a lot in this opening stage of what you're actually going to talk to people about. Now, keep in mind, challenge funnels generally have some type of outcome that you do actually want to help get them there's some type of tangible result that you want to help them produce. Okay?

so, if you're doing more of the challenge funnel route where you're actually trying to get them to do something and produce a result, you got to keep in mind this content aligns perfectly to that and the subsequent steps of what you're going to do in the day for the content are meant to further get them down to the point where they can actually go out after day one, do some kind of homework and get involved in whatever it is you're pitching them on doing. So, as an example, we have a guy right now. Guy makes a couple million bucks a month teaching people how to trade. This guy in particular wanted to do a challenge funnel. He obviously asked us like, "oh," which i cover.

He wanted to do a challenge, not a virtual event. So, therefore, we were like, "oh, listen. First part origination story, why it makes sense to trade, why you're sold on trading, how trading works, what your trading style is, right?" and from there, we start transitioning into teaching them like here's all the platforms you could use, here's the specific trading strategies you deploy, here's how to do something. And like in the very backend part of the day, he'll teach him to do something as simple as like plotting a strategy onto a chart or as in another example, using historical data and what we call playback simulation in order to go and actually try to trade some of the strategies that they likely were exposed to on day one. The homework in between day one and day two being something that they can do that makes them feel involved in whatever it is that you're selling them on makes a ton of sense in this example.

Okay. Anyway, the 3-day virtual event comparatively typically doesn't have an actual outcome that you're trying to help the person produce. It's more so just kind of like an industry event, but virtual where your central conversation points with them throughout the entirety of the event are focused on a specific topic. They're less outcomebased. The the entirety of the 3-day virtual events are generally centric around this topic, this conversation of like why you do it, how to do it, you know, and ultimately the high ticket things speeds up the process to getting the outcome in both scenarios, no matter which one you choose to do.

But in the 3-day virtual event, you generally don't have to assign people homework. You generally don't have to focus as much as like getting them involved and making sure they understand it enough to get them involved. You're just trying to in the 3-day virtual event, make them aware. That's the main thing. Make them aware and try to cover as many conversational points as you can around that central topic.

So, it's a bit different depending on how you go about choosing to do this. So, anyway, back to the point at hand. After you do the get them in the game content, generally it's just further down the process. Okay, so i talked to a guy the other day. We got this physical location now.

It's crazy, by the way, having a physical location. People will just [ __ ] walk into your business because it's a physical business. We hate that. We have signs on the door telling people, "get the [ __ ] out of here." but again, random people just [ __ ] walk into my business and are like, >> "oh, i see you do marketing. Like, what?

i got this. Can you help with this?" and, >> "oh, man. We don't we don't obviously want that. We don't we don't want that." okay. However, it happens.

And some of these people that have walked in, they they've had like no awareness at all. I have to sell those people on general on the idea of like why paying for ad spend even makes sense. I have to sell them on the idea of like how the whole online world works and like things like funnels and risking money to turn it into more money. You see what i mean? it depends on where somebody's starting at.

So, are you selling to somebody and are you bringing people into this event that are more like that? or as another example, like i've got guys i have a painter that comes by here as as a as a great reference for this point i'm trying to make. He's run ads before. He's tried lead forms. He even has a website like he's driven traffic to the website.

He's gotten results through both, but he prematurely cut his ads off because he had comparison bias. He saw a cost that was like $2 to $3 a lead, went up to 17 bucks a lead. The guy was still [ __ ] milking it from a rorowass perspective, but again, he shut it off from naivity. That guy in comparison, like he's already technically in the game to a degree. I don't have to explain like super base level [ __ ] to him.

Okay, i can talk to that guy at a higher level like right away. And to be clear, what i'm going to talk about in my challenge obviously needs to be centric around identifying who i'm specifically bringing in in the first place. And remember, you control who you bring in through all the front-end messaging that you have, right? if i want to take absolute [ __ ] noobs from total noob to whatever level i want to take them to through the event, yeah, i got to keep that in mind because that's going to center what type of content i need to produce. If i am talking to people who are already like kind of one foot in the door and i need to pull them all the way into the door, then i start at a different point and i progress through the event to a different point.

I get further along with the people that are already further along. You feel me? so, the rest of this content, it's very important and and it's fundamental that you understand this, okay? because if you don't, you're likely going to talk about [ __ ] that the people who are already further along don't give a [ __ ] about. And the people who are too entry level, if they're too entry level and you're talking too far along, they're not going to understand what the [ __ ] you're talking about.

Okay? so, you got to balance these two. You got to be really aware. I can't stress this enough. You got to be really aware about who you're attracting.

And therefore, that concludes to like what you're technically going to talk about throughout the rest of this thing. Once you get them in the game, though, okay? and you make some progressions to these following sessions, you're just furthering the awareness, okay? and that can come from all kinds of different perspectives. So, we have a client.

She teaches people how to buy businesses and she does these virtual events at this point twice a year. Now, she'll start her day one by explaining her backstory. She used to work in wall street. She quit. She wanted to help regular people get a lot richer.

She took a lot of these tactics specifically on buying businesses and rolled them out to people in the general public to learn how to buy a business instead of building a business. This has worked tremendously well for her and she typically starts from the perspective of why you need to buy a business, her origination story, but then right away she jumps into all kinds of [ __ ] how to find the right businesses to buy, what are the right businesses to buy, how to actually buy those businesses, right? all the different negotiation points and leverage points and literal ways in which you can fund and buy a business or creatively finance a business. And here's my point that makes a lot of sense for her to cover there. She covers all the categories of what you would generally want to know when it comes to buying a business right in day one.

Day one is generally anywhere from like as low as 4 hours, sometimes as high as like six hours in content. I've seen people pull it off in three, so we can technically say as low as about 3 to six hours. Okay? sometimes a little longer. Here's my point though.

If we look at the trading guy who's teaching people how to trade, his opening, let me get people in the game is look why trading makes sense, why this like here's all the different trading styles you could use. Here's why my specific trading style makes the most sense. Here's my origination story and like what got me into this whole thing. And then from there, after we transition into furthering the awareness, we start talking about ways to trade. Like, okay, here's some charts.

Here's like making sense of the chart so you're not looking at something that just seems foreign as [ __ ] you're like, "oh, no. This makes sense to me." so, we have to get them to understand the chart. Then, we start having them understand things like tools and instruments and indicators. Mainly the indicators is what they start to focus on at that point. And at that point, what they typically start to do is teach the strategies.

Okay? so, they get people to understand the chart. Then they start talking about indicators and certain things that you can see on the chart like liquidity. Then they start to explain, well, here's the liquidity strategies that we like to use based on what we just taught you. And then they wrap it all together.

Okay? that's typically what day one is in a nutshell. Get people in the game and then teach them the subsequent things that they need to understand about this whole thing to make it make sense. We've had a medical company, they sell hyperbaric chambers, they sell red light panels, i believe they sell some other things, too, but long story short, you know, essentially oxygen therapy and red light. And again, they do these virtual events where they'll get people to sign up for like a health and wellness summit and they're learning all these different longevity strategies.

They'll start the event by talking about here's all the different things that you need to know about where we're at in modern medicine, why focusing on longevity makes a lot of sense as it relates to ai and things extending our lifespan further. Telling the backstory about how people used to die at like 35 and how we're now probable to die in our low hundreds. And people who choose to focus on longevity can make that possible. And then we further the awareness. They make them aware of all the different technologies that exist.

And then they start saying like, "and here's what makes sense for the most common people to typically do and focus on." and they talk about things like the oxygen therapy, the red light panels, and like the benefits of some of the specific technologies that they brought up. So they make people aware of a whole bunch of technologies, the least risky, and then they work those to the point at the end of day one where somebody would conclude to the fact that oxygen therapy and red light, dieting, these things all make a lot of sense. Different exercise routines, different equipment, they might sell them. Now, here's my point. In all three of these examples, they're all doing the exact same thing.

They're introducing somebody to the game. They're trying to get them involved in the game through storytelling about the origination stories and just why it makes sense and how the game works. Okay? then they further the awareness. They drill down on specific topics that get the person to conclude to i understand this a lot more than i did walking into today's event.

And that is that low ticket to high ticket result that i'm telling you you must have. There has to be that kind of aha moment that occurs in a low ticket product where the individual feels like they got what they paid for. You know, if i buy a book, all it takes is one little sentence out of a book. I don't give a [ __ ] if it's in the first chapter or the last sentence of the entire book. As soon as i get that little aha moment, buying the book and reading the book and spending the time feels worth it.

It's not even that i had to go out and get a result with whatever that talked about. Just that little like, wow, that makes a lot of [ __ ] sense. Can't believe i didn't know that. Glad i know it now. That gives me the satisfaction.

That's what gives customers the satisfaction who buy a low ticket thing that they got what they're there for. It also dramatically increases the probability that they buy from us on day two when we make our pitch. So anyway, bear with me. We're going on. Here's the moral of the story.

That's the result. That's like the outcome of day one that you want to make sure that you're satisfying. Okay? and when you go into day two, day two starts with kind of an extension of that where the opening content is typically the same thing where all you're really trying to do is just again further the awareness. Okay?

you're talking about more information, more data. Sometimes you're just reinforcing the exact same thing, but from another perspective of talking about that exact same thing. This is a little apple pencil. Okay. On my side of the pencil, it says the word pencil pro at the top.

But you can't see that. You see whatever you specifically see on this side. My side also has like a flat edge. You see that there? your side is completely rounded.

Now, if i'm looking at my side and you're looking at your side, again, this is the exact same object in either scenario, but i see it completely differently than how you see it. Both of us describing our perspectives to one another helps us understand the entirety of this object to try to make sense of it. However, the person standing down here in the palm of my hand, well, they see something completely different that neither one of you or i can see. And again, we'd appreciate their perspective, too. Here's typically what you do on day two when i talk about furthering the awareness.

You try to bring in some other speakers that can tell the story of the thing that you're trying to talk about and increase the awareness on to a different perspective's view, right? their goal is to try to break it down from their worldview on how that thing works. So, as an example, we had this client again teaching people how to go buy businesses and she brings in two other pretty major personal brands. One of them was in the tech space. This guy teaches people how to scale sas companies.

Well-known guy, does business coaching in general, but again came up in the roots of scaling sas companies. The second high authority figure has a big business in the real estate education and real estate space in general that teaches people how to do a very specific real estate investing strategy. Now, these two people, they might sound like they're in completely different industries and niches. How would they lend any perspective to the idea of buying a business? when in reality, both of these guys have acquired businesses.

And both of these guys had very different ways that they leveraged buying businesses to help get them to the point that they're at today. The guy in the sas company, he talks about buying businesses from the perspective of rolling companies up to have a greater exit valuation. That's a completely different perspective on the same thing that we're both looking at that that main speaker who's teaching everybody how to buy businesses hadn't touched on. The second person from the real estate space, that guy talked about it from the perspective of being able to acquire a new customer base and being able to take the value that that existing business's technology was providing and providing it to his existing customer base as a new upsell and revenue source. So again, a completely different perspective comparatively to our other authority figure and comparatively to our main character of the event, the trading guy that we're sitting here working with on a consulting deal for this challenge funnel he has coming up.

We told him, we're like, "look, you have a specific way of trading. You have friends that you know that are also well-known, people who trade that you can bring in to do the exact same thing. Teach their perspective on why trading makes sense and let them show how trading in general helped them get to the point where they have whatever level of satisfaction they have in life. Show the outcomes that it helped them produce. Don't necessarily have them sell their way of trading as better than your way of trading.

Maybe they even use the same way that you trade and therefore they endorse it from their perspective, but they have different outcomes in their life compared to you. Or maybe they used it for a different vehicle. So, the trading guy, he typically trades nasdaq futures as a main place that he trades. Well, one of the guys that he's going to bring in uses the exact same trading strategies as our main character. However, that guy uses it in the crypto markets.

So, moral of the story is that guy can say, "oh, yeah, i use all this in crypto. That [ __ ] works over there, too." so, he's endorsing the main strategy that the main character is attempting to teach people and increase awareness and get people in the game on, but that guy's lending the perspective, >> "oh, yeah. This [ __ ] works outside of what this guy's specifically talking about." >> so, it kind of handles an objection and deals with that entire segment of the crowd. You understand what i mean? these supporting characters who come in and help increase and further awareness.

What they're attempting to do is they're attempting to take the main thing that's being sold like that central topic and they're just trying to sell it from other perspectives to help the person who's sitting there at the virtual event or sitting there during the challenge funnel. It's helping them understand the entirety of what you're actually talking about and what it is. Okay, that's the main thing you got to understand about day two. So, you're bringing in supporting characters usually and these supporting characters obviously you want them to be great speakers. You want them to have some authority.

Ideally, simply put, you got to get them to accomplish what we just sat there and spoke about. Now, these supporting characters, let's use the example of our client that teaches people how to buy businesses. She is not just using external characters. She also had two staff members who were also speakers during this 3-day virtual event. One of which is the head of sales.

Now, the head of sales has extensive m&a background experience, can go into a lot of technical details about buying businesses, but again, they share completely different perspectives than the main character and how the main character articulates it. So, it's not necessarily like a high authority in that example. Same thing with their head of product who was the second speaker. It's not necessarily a well-known person at all. It's not somebody that you could even look up online and find a ton of information about.

This is somebody who just sits there, deals with the buyers of this company all day long, has showed so many people how to buy businesses, understands the most common questions of the people who buy the program to learn how to buy businesses, and is teaching it point blank how to go about buying a business, but from their perspective on the whole thing. And more so in that case, since that guy's the head of the product specifically, teaching people how to do it from really the customer who actually buys the program's perspective and all their technical questions that get asked. And as silly as this sounds, because again, those two people are from internally in the company. They share completely different perspectives on how to do the same thing. And it makes the thing that's being sold more well-rounded.

You understand? that's the whole point of day two for the first half specifically is we're trying to just further extend the awareness and we're trying to make sure that we give people more of those aha moments. We want people to have those moments where they're like, "that makes total [ __ ] sense." now, here's the thing. During the second half of day two, we transition to two things. One of them is called the pre- pitch.

And then obviously we have our actual pitch. Okay. Now, pre- pitch information. One of my favorite people i've ever learned from in my life. His name is myron golden.

I love myron. Myin has give or take the time that he's selling it. Probably cost tens of thousands of dollars to go and learn this [ __ ] from him. I don't even know what he calls it to be honest with you. The uh the product that i went and learned with from myin, he taught what's called the pre- pitch and the rep pitch.

Both of which you leverage inside of a challenge funnel or a three-day virtual event. And he's really good at. Long story short, even if you just go look up myron on youtube, he has one video in particular. Let me see if i can if i can tell you the title of this thing because this specific video is so good for emphasizing my point that i'm trying to make with you here about about how pre- pitch material works. He sits there and he just tells all these stories.

Yeah, here it is right here. He calls it the science of rapid wealth creation. And if i don't know if you can see this here, this this is what that video looks like. So, if if you look on his youtube channel and you go watch, he calls it the science of rapid wealth creation. Okay?

and in this, i think it's like 30 minutes long, it's a perfect demonstration of myron's skills to do pre- pitch material put on display. Essentially, just one thing after the other after the other after the other. He's going through like these little one to three minute stories where he's proving a point about a way somebody who's got a lot of success and is wealthy thinks. Okay? and so typically like let's use the two examples i provided to you or even the third example with the hyperbaric chamber red light situation.

So for the buying business scenario the pre- pitch material would sound something like i'm going to go through some of the characteristics of people who have bought businesses successfully that have bought our programs and had a lot of success with us. Let me start going through the characteristics of these individuals. What you're then breaking down are these individual like 1 to 3 minute sometimes 5 minute long stories where you're talking about somebody who was a bad way of being a thing and became like a good way or inherited like dropped the bad characteristic and like inherited a new characteristic dropped the bad way of thinking inherited a better way to think. It's it's essentially just a bunch of reframing that you are priming somebody to actively have top of mind right before you make your pitch. So a great example of this that essentially carries through no matter what is sitting here telling people things about success talking about characteristics of individuals who make a lot of money um you'd talk about things like risktaking right you would say look the people who make the most the people who get the best results like they know when to take a proper risk and like what does a proper risk look like and then you break down essentially what you're about to pitch them on as an example where you're like a great risk can look like an offer presenting itself to you inside of an event like this that point blank tells you exactly what you need to do.

And again, if you're committed to doing it and it gets you a faster result, right? that's what successful people do. Successful people, they take timelines and they condense them down to shorter timelines. And like i'm pretty sure like a literal example that myron uses in that video i was just showing you. He says something about, "look, you could you could make a million dollars.

What's the difference between a guy who works at mcdonald's and a guy who makes a million dollars in a month, right?" well, the difference is is how fast they made the money, right? and he'll start going through like compression of time and he'll strategically plug things that you're about to be pitched on into what can compress time, right? and it's just a bunch of this framing information. It's so good and you want to have a whole session dedicated to that. And if you want to learn that in extensive detail, we cover a lot of it.

But to be fair, i get myron is the absolute master of the pre- pitch and the rep pitch. I fully endorse in any way, shape, or form learning from my super smart guy. So anyway, back to my point. Once you go through the pre- pitch session where it's again just a fuckload of framing, that's where you then transition to the point where you actually make your pitch. Okay?

and when you make the pitch, we'll have a whole video dedicated on this specific series that we're going through together here on the challenge funnel, the 3-day virtual event. I'll have a whole video i dedicate just to pitching, how the pitch works, how to maximize revenue from the pitch. But just to talk about the flow at this point, you're making the actual pitch. Okay? you typically tell people give or take the pricing and again we'll go through all this in a video to either go book a call, pay a deposit to book the call or do direct to checkout.

Again, all based on the price and then you just stop. You just stop for the day. You tell everybody, looking forward to seeing you on day three tomorrow. We'll cover more content. We're looking forward to seeing you guys.

I'm very excited to help you guys out further. You know, see you tomorrow. That's it. You cut them off. Now, typically at this point, if you've done this successfully, obviously this is where you're going to get the highest quantity of booked calls.

This is where you're going to get the highest quantity of buyers. This is where you're going to make the most money from and and it should be like a significant spike. Okay, day three starts with what's called the rep pitch. So, back to myron golden. Outside of the pre- pitch material that he does, one thing that he does which is much more direct, but it's still very framing based is what he calls the rep pitch.

So, this is this is i i'll never forget i learned this. It's like so simple. However, like the way that he strategically does it is is professional. Just it's the best way to do it in my opinion. So, his version of the rep pitch is much more direct than the pre- pitch.

Pre- pitch consider as indirect framing information. Rep is trying to call out very specific reasons, objection handling, asking people things about why they specifically didn't buy, guessing like what the most common objections are and why people specifically didn't buy. Um, you'd call it out as an example of it. Just to be clear, you had an opportunity yesterday to take action and to be a first mover and like, you know, you anchor back to whatever you talked about and emphasize the success characteristics in your pre- pitch to be that type of person. Okay?

and instead of being that type of person, you let that small tiny little character in your head, you know, that little tiny voice dictate your life again. And then, you know, he'll sit there and like start demonizing like the small version of you and, you know, kind of make you feel like a like an idiot if you don't take action on it. And then he'll give people these i've seen him do this in person. It was so good. He got people to essentially like raise it >> like who here is willing to be the bigger person now?

who here wants to be their bigger self? who here is officially going to take the action? raise your hand. >> and he'll get them to raise their hand. Will be like, "stand up.

All you stand up." >> and they all stand up and he'll be like, "come up here on stage with me. Come here." >> and he'll i've seen him go out in the audience and literally grab their hand and like make a train of people holding their hand and he'll walk them all onto the stage and he'll bring them up and he'll literally like congratulate them. He'll get everybody in the audience to give them a huge round of applause for like overcoming this version of themselves. And then he'll give another opportunity again. >> who wants to join us up here?

who wants to dominate that little self? you know, >> and he'll go out there again and like pull more people on stage and then literally he'll like take them behind the stage after he's done with this whole ordeal and like he'll close them. And virtually you would do this by like getting these people to be acknowledged on the zoom, maybe spotlighting them all at once and like having these people clear and visible to everybody else. And you just simply put you're highlighting these individuals and glorifying them and putting them on a pedestal. And anyway, my point is that's how the rep pitch is.

Like you just start the day literally with a straight up repitch. Okay? and usually this turns into like an objection handling section. The q&a all typically happens here as well where you're just answering questions on the offer. You're answering questions on the actual content that you've talked about.

Usually, you have a second person as i talked about prior on day two. You usually have a second person come in and they do their version of a rep pitch. Now, depending on what you're selling, sometimes you have higher level people there that it might not make sense for them to buy whatever your main offer is. In that example, you could also have a way between day two and day three for them to raise their hand and say, "i am a higher level person and i would like to hear you out on a higher level pitch that you might have for me." and from that perspective, right, if you get people to raise their hand and say like, "yeah, i i think i'm bigger than this other offer that you've already presented me." you can also have a totally separate carved out little room solely for those people that you're answering with a with a different person pitching or you pitching, doesn't matter. And you're pitching them on a higher level thing.

And so therefore, you increase the overall amount of cash you're going to get. So for our main like business buying client, as an example, she had a $9,000 offer with a $2,000 deposit to book the call. That was like the main offer. In between day two and day three, she said, "hey, by the way, if you make more than a million dollars already with your business, might make more sense for you to hear us out on our $35,000 offer, which is meant to like teach you how to acquire businesses to scale as a scaling tactic." and we had a good i don't know i don't know the exact number. I'm not going to make it up.

There's a good amount of people though that said like, "yeah, that's me." so they had a separate zoom room just for those people specifically to get pitched. Like a little silo pitch is what we call it. So you kind of do two things. So again, you repitch, you do the objection handling, you do the q&a, you have a second person come in and do their version of a rep pitch. And to be clear, at the same time as that, you might have a silo pitch happening for some type of higherriced product.

Okay? and then usually what you do just a close out day three like you do a closeout talk. And the closeout talk is very important to understand. Closeout talk is just straight content again and you try to tie a bow on this whole thing for whatever the central topic point was or if it's a challenge funnel you want to go out there and encouraged to go and take the actions for producing whatever result you're trying to get people to do. So in either scenario the closeout talk makes people again kind of feel like you didn't just pitch them all of day three.

You know it makes people feel like you still presented more content, more information. Makes them walk away. It's the walk away talk where they say, "dude, that was really good. You know, i'm really i'm really glad that i spent those three days like learning whatever i just learned and like, you know, mastering this topic that i just got access to. Now, to be really direct, okay, this specific flow, there's a bunch more little nuance things that i could sit here and talk about.

I'd say that i covered roughly i'd say about 40%. Generally on youtube, i try to withhold and i show about maybe 10 to 20% of everything that i know on a specific topic. In this case, i give you about 40% of the things that i could have otherwise talked about. I save that other 60% or that other up to 90% on most of my videos for my inner circle members or for my master internet marketing students and of course my clients. If you're rich trying to get a whole lot richer, there's a link down to the inner circle below.

It's called jeremy's inner circle. Go check that out. It comes with twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, a quarterly mastermind right here at our venue and the good old miami, florida sunshine. We have an extensive training library, jeremy ai access for real-time back and forth. You could just message me anytime.

We do our quarterly inerson masterminds. Mastering internet marketing is its own program. Sevenweek live class. We do the class once a year. You buy in at any point, get access to the previous cohorts recording, which is the most recent up-to-date information.

We have extensive sop libraries in both of these programs and you can preview week one of our 7-week class. Down there in the link in the description, there should be something that you see for that. So anyway, this flow super good, very proven flow, something you can have a lot of confidence in if you're going to do your own virtual event, whether it's a challenge funnel, whether it's a 3-day virtual event. This flow [ __ ] super hard, very op strategy and very excited to be able to present it to you here today. Go out there and get richer and i look forward to helping you more.

Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: I Helped These 8 Businesses Hit $1M/Month, Here's What Actually Works
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNmKQO-3YCU
CATEGORY: Case Studies
============================================================

All right, for those who don't know, these are milliondoll a month trophies. We make them out of a nice medal and we give them out to people who are in my jeremy's inner circle program who crack a million dollars a month for the first time. Now, in these videos, i like to cover some of the best practices that these guys had in their businesses that worked well for them. Some of them also have some major pitfalls that they came across that held them back for a tremendous period of time, give or take the person that achieved these outcomes. I want to go through that with you here in today's video.

Per usual, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, we just hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that. We don't make any income claims cuz we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have literally any probability to go out there and make any money. You're not going to watch a youtube video like this and make some cash. Again, all we're doing is just handing down information to you and some lessons from guys that have cracked some big numbers.

Cuz according to the us bureau of labor statistics,.1% of businesses ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller quantity than that that would ever hit $12 million a year, aka million dollar months. Again, we just hand lessons down to you. Hope you enjoyed today's video. If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. If you're new to the channel, consider subscribing after today's.

So, we've got not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, but eight million dollar a month award winners. We do four masterminds a year inside of my jeremy's inner circle program. Some of you might not even know what a mastermind is. I'd be shocked if so, but if you don't, it's where a group full of people come together that are like-minded. We put our brains together around a similar outcome.

We try to use one another to try to help each other with some kind of issue that we need to overcome some type of result, some type of outcome, some kind of process, strategy, tactic. We all just kind of use each other collectively and we come together as a unit to be capable of doing that. Like creating a centralized brain is the original concept of a mastermind introduced by napoleon hill. So anyway, in my group, in my mastermind, we typically come together talking about million-dollar months. And in addition to that, we celebrate $5 million a month, which unfortunately for this mastermind, we didn't have anybody achieve.

The next mastermind, we have a guy who's real close. So hopefully we'll be able to give him one. But we this the big old it's made out of pure silver. The big old $5 million month trophy is about this tall. Again, big old silver cup.

Looks [ __ ] awesome. But anyway, back to my point. Let's go through what each one of these guys did to achieve their outcomes. I'll tell you a little bit about their industries and some of the perils in which they overcame to help them achieve it. So the first one is stamar.

Okay. So stamar was stuck around 400k a month for a tremendous period of time. It felt like within about a year of joining into the jeremy's inner circle program. He started the process of iterating some different funnels to try to get something to work. In his case, he's in the coaching niche.

He helps people with amazon specifically for his offer type and he helps him get started. He also expanded after he came into the group to a broader niche of helping people with ecom in general because he was a little concerned about the direction amazon was heading as a whole. Stamar ended up cracking the million-dollar months through webinars. Fun fact, samar actually came to one of our masterminds here in miami and on the sunday where we're hanging out at the penthouse all day. He was like, "hey, jeremy, you mind if i run over the office?

i need to host a webinar real quick." i brought him over here in the uh the 9/11, sat him over at the conference table over there and he did a webinar while we were in the middle of the mastermind. This guy's dedicated as [ __ ] this is a very important consideration to make, especially when it comes to webinars. The frequency in which you execute a webinar determines how many iteration cycles you can successfully go through. As an example, if you do one a week, you only get four iteration cycles in a month with maybe an occasional month where you get a fifth week, give or take what day of the week you do your webinars, that's not a lot of improvements in a month. Whereas, if you do something like a daily lead flow-based funnel, like call funnels, dm ads, even low ticket to high ticket, you get daily data to make decisions with.

So, over the course of what felt like damn near 8 months, okay, tomorrow's just doing webinars on a consistent basis and just kind of eating [ __ ] right? some of them are profitable, some of them he's break even, some of them he even loses a little bit of money. But i'll tell you this, eventually he gets enough iterations and he makes enough improvements to the point where his webinars start cracking a high enough revenue for him to be able to skim off some of that rorowaz and reinvest it into scale. And webinar by webinar by webinar just got bigger and bigger to the point where he finally started cracking his million-dollar m. So, long story short, this is a huge accomplishment for anybody, but especially stamar.

I mean, you can see a lot of these guys, some of them make it seem easy, which it's [ __ ] not, but some of them do. Some of them you got to grind your face off until you get to a point we crack these bigger numbers. And stamar is one of those guys for sure. Okay, next one is josh. Now, josh came in uh he was already doing pretty well.

I want to say josh was around like 600k, maybe even upwards of 7 800k, give or take the month, when he first joined into jeremy's inner circle. And he felt it felt like he was real close. I remember thinking when josh first joined in, i was like, "well, it's going to be a [ __ ] breeze. You know, we're going to be able to help him get up there real quick. What's it going to take?" right?

and so josh's also a webinar guy. He's also in the info space. Josh has a real estate info offer specifically. And at the time, it was very niche specific. He also since introduced a broader offer that's not just specific to real estate.

Uh but again, moral of the story, i digress. Here's what really got josh through the process of these tribulations that he went through. He needed a new sales team. Team. The sales team that he had when he first joined into the group was unbelievably non-compliant.

When you listen to those sales calls, which he chose to do, he reflected on the fact that he was creating a tremendous liability for him and his business, for his reputation. His sales team was making some of the most audacious, non-compliant claims ever. And this was a sales agency specifically that was doing this to him. He was concerned because he saw his refund rate increasing. He saw his chargeback rate increasing.

And when you do good business, those things generally don't happen. So he was like, "where are the problems coming from? is it fulfillments or is it something else?" and again, when he got to the point where he recognized, "oh my god, it's my sales team." he swapped out the team. Now, anybody who's done this before recognizes this can be excessively problematic for what it can do for you. His specific sales team that he swapped over to naturally would have what's called an acclamation period where there's going to be a period of time where you've got to let the new sales team train and expose the problems that they're going to have and train on those problems and then obviously get to the point ideally where they start closing some deals.

Well, he endured that acclamation period and didn't really see a lot of success on the other side of it. As a matter of fact, he sustained that period for about 3 months while his revenue diminished from about 6 to 800k a month with his new sales team down to in the 400s at one point. His rorowaz also diminished from consistently being in the 3:1 range down to just being above break even some webinars even losing a little bit of money. Now josh specifically, he's a very nice guy. Josh is very accommodating.

I would say josh is sometimes a little too nice to a degree, but he is still an extremely determined, successoriented individual that's got all the traits of a million-doll a month earner, obviously. Now, josh gives it a little too much time, but this was fair. I want to be really clear. This is a fair thing to give enough time to. There were signs of life at certain points.

I digress. He eventually gets to a point where he says, "i can't endure this any longer. It's been an entire quarter. I've got to swap out this team again." and at that point, he chooses to bring it in house. Some of the old reps that he had on the previous non-compliant team, they wanted to come back on board.

In addition to that, he had some other people he was able to pull through his network. He split tests initially this original like kind of new frankenstein sales team that he was going to build in house and bam, rorowaz goes straight back up to a four. Sales people make a tremendous difference to the success of an offer. Nothing really changed that much when it came to all the front-end stuff. Like the webinar topics were the same, the messaging was the same.

There were at some points differences in offers and like tiny things that caused some issues. But main thing that i want to make clear in this one that made the biggest difference was the sales team. But it took a good few months. Imagine being 7800k. You're you're 70 to 80% of the way there to the big million dollar month goal and then bam, you have to swap your sales team because you're getting a tremendous liability built up.

Next sales team takes three months. You watch your revenue get cut damn near in half or down 200k a month, give or take the month. And then over the course of that next couple months, everything rips right back up. Get back into scale mode. And then crack the big million a month.

That's sometimes how it looks. You know, you go through little troughs before you get to the glory part of the process. And that's exactly what josh endured. So, good for him. Tremendous, tremendous [ __ ] endurance, discipline, relentless drive to make that accomplishment happen.

Okay, then you got devon. So, devon's got some real interesting offers. Devon owns a few different companies. Um, i'm not going to name them all here just out of discretion for these guys. You guys will notice, by the way, i try to be somewhat reserved in all the information which i communicate about these people for their privacy.

Uh, that's one thing that we do for all our inner circle members. I get guys all the time that hit me up from either other people that aren't a part of the group or sometimes even people within the group. >> hey, like what's so and so doing? like what's their rorowaz? what's this number?

what's >> and i'm like, dude, i'm not going to [ __ ] tell you just like i wouldn't tell your information out there, you know, making a [ __ ] youtube video. Still a lot of value in what these guys have done. So devin, in this particular offer, this was one of his uh i would say almost to a degree kind of side companies is how i interpreted it when he first came in. He was doing a couple hundred grand a month with it. Low couple hundred grand.

I want to say he was in like the two to 400k a month range. I don't remember the exact number offh hand to be clear, but nonetheless, devin was also in the info space in this particular instance. And it just took him being exposed to all these other winners. That was that was one of the most interesting patterns you'll kind of see in some of these guys' results that they've achieved. They come in, they sit down at a mastermind, they see people just like them now that get up in front of them and talk about their million-dollar months and what it took to achieve it.

And sometimes, you know, you guys will hear these stories where they just say, "i got exposed to other people that were just taking bigger actions than me and all my numbers were already good." sometimes they're already rorowaz positive. Sometimes they already got the sales team. Sometimes they already got the skills to expand the sales team and then fill the calendars. You know, sometimes they've got everything dialed in. And the biggest thing is just a mindset gap of i need to press the gas and need to dial up the knobs here and get more results and outcomes.

That's all it did for devon. I'll tell you, i watched him sit right here at a mastermind and it was profound. I did an opening talk at the first mastermind. Devon came to on operating with a lower level of certainty and still biasing towards excessive action and risk. And i watched devon's eyes light up.

He's sitting in one of the first rows up here in the room as we got on stage and we're doing the talk. And oh, it's you can tell when when shit's clicking in somebody's head. And he sat there and he was like reflecting on his life in real time thinking to himself, "my god, i've just been a [ __ ] this whole time." like everything is perfect for me. What am i waiting for? like why am i why am i anticipating that there's going to be a higher degree of certainty before i bias towards action and scale this thing up.

So he went home and he just started scaling. Everything was already good and he got to the point in a rather tight period of time. I want to say it only took him a good 3 4 months of being in the group for him to crank those kinds of numbers. And i want to be very direct and just transparent to be excessively clear. I'm not in any way, shape or form implying that you're going to join jeremy's inner circle and achieve any kind of outcomes like this.

Let alone join in and crack million-dollar months from going in at a low couple hundred grand a month initially and you know 3 4 months later get those kinds of numbers. That's not the case. I'm not telling you going to sit down and just have some [ __ ] click like it did for devon. The statistical probabilities that we talk about where there's a 0.1% probability to hit 10 mil a year and an even smaller probability than that to do these these apply to all these guys too. They're within that statistical probability.

I can't stress that enough. With devon specifically though, it's remarkable to see that when you present the right type of information and then somebody chooses to go take action on it in a very particular way, it can sometimes be as simple as just the exposure to what the group is. Jeremy's inner circle is a ton of information from me. I lead the group. I provide a tremendous amount of strategy and tactics and tools and resources and you know, i manage the community of course, but the group itself is excessively valuable, too.

When you just watch guy after guy after guy after guy and then you're out here networking amongst everybody, not even just the people on stage. You're just talking to people cuz it's important to note this is between october of 2025 and january of 2026. That's three months that we had eight new people hit a million dollars a month. At the mastermind prior to that, between july and october of 2025, we had five people, three of which were million-dollar month earners and two of which were $5 million month earners. And mastermind over mastermind now in between each one of these quarterly events.

Like we get at least one if not apparently eight that hit these crazy [ __ ] numbers now. So anyway, here's my point. There's already a ton of people in the room, right, that all have excessive value, too. So devin just walked around, got that extra perspective, [ __ ] clicked for him, and then he just went back and put the pressure on the gas pedal and [ __ ] punched it. So this is actually a current client of ours.

His name's brian. Uh brian does an incredible job in the fitness space. So brian is you could just call it business coaching i guess but it's more like niche specific business coaching. Brian came into the group in canadian dollars already doing a million a month in us dollars because of the erosion between the two. There's a pretty wide discrepancy there of about 2 to 3000 grand give or take where it's at now.

That means in us dollars he came in at about 7800k. It didn't take much. It didn't take much. His goal is 2 million usd a month and he's a little bit shy of that right now. Hopefully we'll help him get there soon enough.

But long story short, uh brian's offer is very interesting for what he does. A lot of what his traffic converts through is his instagram profile. So brian gets a lot of people that come in from content organically and through paid content distribution. They dm his profile or all his setters reach out to those people who interact who are a follow with content or the posts or the pages, dms them, gets them on a call, closes them on the call. He also does sporadic webinars.

They're usually warm audience webinars. They're generally done once a month, sometimes twice a month. He's incorporated challenge funnels recently, but that's something big that's coming up. Hadn't necessarily had a big impact on the million month webinars and dm ads and just producing a fuckload of content. Brian's revenue stands more so than anything else on organic comparatively to paid, which is a huge thing amongst about half the inner circle members.

A lot of people think just cuz i obviously talk about advertising all the time that all i really know is paid advertising. And that's the farthest thing from the truth. What you'll see amongst all our members in jeremy's inner circle, they get a profound amount beyond just advertising lessons. We talk extensively about organic, whether it's me, whether it's people like brian getting on stage and giving all their information away about what specifically worked and what didn't work, trying to contribute to the concept to that mastermind i brought up at the beginning of this video here, whether it be sales lessons, cuz as you'll see amongst a few of these other top earners as well, the sales team makes a [ __ ] dramatic difference. Recruiting, training, managing them properly, operations, fulfillment, lowering churn, just business ops in general, ceo dashboards, it's all kinds of [ __ ] that we talk about.

But one thing i love about brian is the majority of that revenue came from organic. So good for him. Okay, our next earner, this was a really good one. Okay, so this one specifically is jesse. Now jesse been in the group a rather long period of time.

I want to say jesse been with us at least two years if not maybe going into his his third year with us. And i remember jesse back at the farm mansion masterminds well before we had this facility here. So it went we had this facility which is where we do our masterminds now. We had the penthouse movie theater and then before that we did the farm mansion and then prior to that we had the beach house and then prior to that we had the island the island penthouse. So long story short jesse been with us since the farm mansion masterminds and jesse came in he was doing about 400k to 700k a month and pretty much all of it was organic.

Jesse does youtube in addition to youtube. Jesse does instagram now as well and he posts on twitter x. Here's the thing though. Majority of that revenue would come from youtube and a little bit of instagram. And again jesse's in the info space as well.

We have five total earners so far, just to be clear, that are all coming from the info space. So, these guys are absolutely ripping right now, it seems. Now, jesse specifically started to incorporate some amplification tactics and strategies. He kind of got fed up. That's the easiest way to put it.

Generally, when you get to the point where you hit some kind of stagnant period of time in your revenue and you just witness yourself kind of normalize whatever it is that you're making and settle into whatever you're making and your life's awesome, obviously, at mid couple hundred grand a month. It's not like you're living a shitty life by any means. You just kind of settle into it. And then the one interesting thing over jesse's timeline being a part of this group is he witnessed us expand exponentially the amount of members that we had and the earning potential and the revenue of all those new members. We had as an example just the most recent three people i can literally think of that joined into the inner circle.

We had one guy, his name's kay. Kay is already doing 1.4 to 1.5 million a month. We had stefan. Stephan does $20 million a year which would be give or take the month realistically high million a month or just maybe cracking 2 million a month. And then we had a guy named colin.

Colin does $120 million a year in the uh tele medicine more dtoc space. Okay. So in terms of the quantity of high earners that join in now it's excessive. It's high. There's many people that join in already over a million a month.

Jesse watched this happen as a guy who's only had a couple hundred grand a month. And realistically around that time when he first joined in he probably felt bigger. You know, he probably felt like he was in a room in an environment where he was still like one of the top dogs. And then as time went on, i mean, he became more of the average, right? he became somebody that fell more in the median range of where people's revenue numbers were.

And he got fed up with that. I'm telling you, jesse's kind of the same thing as what devon reminded me of. I don't think that much changed for jesse besides comparison bias of comparing himself to what all these other people around him were doing. He just witnessed time and time again that the same exact things that he was doing like webinars, like call funnels, like organic, like paid were working for all these other people and not just in a small way at scale. And not just one time, but many times over.

And jesse's come to so many masterminds where he's witnessed an increase in frequency of the amount of these kinds of trophies that were get given out. And he just kind of got fed up. I think that's the easiest way to put it. Jesse just had something click in his head, a new reason unlocked for himself, and he said, "why the [ __ ] shouldn't it be me? why am i stagnating?

why wouldn't i push up higher than i currently am now? and then he did so. So, congratulations to jesse. An incredible feat. Now, this next one, that's our $6 million a month winner, not in the info space.

His name's ed. Now, ed is in the service space. Ed specifically is saving people money on taxes. He has a $12,000 average aov. And ed absolutely did [ __ ] awesome with this one.

This was kind of a surprise trophy, i got to tell you. Most of the time it's very easy for me to see somebody's momentum and the progress that they're making because i'm like intimately involved in damn near every one of these people's businesses helping them push up. Ed, when he very first joined into the group, he didn't believe a million dollars a month was possible for himself. He was at maybe 200k a month. He was like initially when, if i'm not mistaken, when he was considering even joining in, he was barely qualifying at the 100k a month threshold that we have that you got to meet consistently to apply.

I remember he had a big month. He joins in, you know, like i said, he's probably around 200k when he first joins in. And he point blank told me, he's like, >> you know, jeremy, i don't want you to push me too hard on this. Like, i don't think a million month is possible for my niche. >> and i tell him, i'm like, well, you know, ed, i disagree.

I think it's possible, you know, and whether you're pushing for that or not, like, i'm going to try and make you go big and get out of your own way. So, let's see what happens. You know, let's be open to it. Now, ed's initial problem was very simple. It was just salespeople.

He could get leads. He could fill the calendars easily. He didn't have a problem with that. His biggest issue was he was closing all the deals and he believed he had specialized knowledge. And when you believe that, that's a recipe for failing to get new closers.

I'll tell you that right now. So ed starts the process over the following months. I pressed him real hard on that. I challenged him on that consistently. I said, "you got to step out of your way here and you got to try to get some more people on the phones so you can fill up more people's calendars." and ed starts the process of doing that.

He tries his best. He's going through the group resources. He's asking questions here and there in the group chat. I've even seen ed at i think maybe two masterminds over the course of about a year, maybe a year and a half he's been with us. And long story short, this is his main problem.

He's just trying to hire more closers. So, he starts getting some people in that produce low tens of thousands of dollars a month in generated revenue for him. Remember, he's got a $12,000 average aov. So, for him, that's maybe like three to four deals a month a lot of these guys are closing. He's getting closers now, though, which is great.

He's getting out of his own way, which is great. He's taking the risk and filling up more people's calendars and still being profitable on it, which is great. However, it's important to note he's not seeing anybody come in that's like a real top earner for him until all of a sudden that changes. So, ed, in the most recent month, he had his top closer produce a little over $200,000 in cash collected revenue for him. And he didn't just have one closer that was able to pull that off.

He had a little team of closers at this point, including himself that were able to push him over the edge. Now, ed, he's shocked the [ __ ] out of me. He shows up on a one-on-one call in early january before this mastermind's about to take place. And he shows me his numbers and he tells me, "i didn't just clear a million bucks a month, jeremy. I cleared a million bucks a month in profit." and i was shocked as [ __ ] i'll tell you that now.

Especially given ed's mindset when he first came in. It felt like he had kind of stagnated a bit with that progress of trying to solve that closer problem. But per usual, man, i'll tell you time and time again, i try to share with y'all the characteristics of these individuals and how they behave. Just cuz i couldn't see it didn't mean that he wasn't out there relentlessly pursuing overcoming that damn problem. He understood the severity of it.

And per usual, what i've shared with you in a few of these people's trophies, they see all this [ __ ] and they normalize it as a very key part of the process is you have to be around it. Like you have to literally meet these dudes and be in the same room as them cuz it's not a big ordeal. Like it's not like these guys are going to celebrate this for sure. But at the same time, like now they just feel like they're a part of the above average part of the group, right? and even then, we got like more than i think almost 40 people now that are active in the group that all do more than a million a month, right?

and so it's like now they're just in that part of the group. We might actually be closer to 50 now if i'm not mist for sure above 40. Anyway, i digress. My point is is like this is normal to these guys now, you know, and that's the best part of what they experience mentally amongst all these individuals. Ed went from i don't think it's possible to i cleared a million bucks a month profit.

That's [ __ ] insane. Okay. And he did it from solving one main problem inside of his service-based business. He sucked ass at recruiting, training, and managing top talent closers. And he he flipped the script on that thing and [ __ ] dominated that problem.

So, shout out to ed. I'm real proud of this one. He did he did [ __ ] awesome with that. Okay, now these guys, this is joe and ed. I know edwards specifically.

He's who i interact with out of the two of these guys. Edward, believe it or not, he's got a great story. This is ah in terms of a statistical anomaly, probably one of those 01% examples of my student base. I'm not in any way, shape, or form of this story i'm about to apply to you here and talk to you about trying to tell you that this is normal. It is the farthest thing from normal in his story arc here.

Okay. He joins into my master internet marketing group, which is a 5k program. It's a one-time cost and to be clear, it's seven weeks of an in-depth live class, okay? and each week covers an extensive topic about 3 to 5 hour class and a homework library in between all also central around that week's topic. Okay?

now, edward joins into that specific group and he's around like 30-ishk a month at the time when he joined into that, you know, and again, we don't make income claims. We don't do any earnings stuff. We just provide information. Okay? now, he takes that information and he [ __ ] runs with it and he runs far.

He got all the way up. This is one of the craziest examples. Like i said, like low statistical probability we see this again. Or if we do, it's going to be another blue moon. He gets all the way up to half a million dollars a month before he takes the step from my lower tiered program, master internet marketing, into the jeremy's inner circle offer.

Okay. Now, he's got momentum on his side. He's already rolling the big ball of momentum down the hill and just trying to chase it. At this point, we come in in this case as he steps into our more flagship program, jeremy's inner circle, and we act as an amplifier. We're we're like [ __ ] taking trend in that example, a heavy steroid to what we do to edward's growth here.

We absolutely punch him the [ __ ] up. I think it took him a little less than two months to hit a million a month. And the main thing was was mental barriers, which was very interesting. He was in the process of amplifying a few of his existing strategies that were working well for him, and he was doing real well with that. He just hit some walls where he wasn't pressing hard enough.

He wasn't scaling and reinvesting enough. And that speed in which he was able to actualize on that grand amount of revenue just came from the fact that we financially modeled out some stuff with him. Brought him clarity on some numbers that he wasn't really thinking with. And then just [ __ ] foot on the neck. Told him, edward, scale the [ __ ] up, buddy.

What's holding you back from here? and then he did. And he saw a great result from that. Again, shout out to his sales team. He used a sales agency wires from strangers in that particular deal.

And they did great. They're still doing great for him. We look forward to seeing edward continue to grow. Hopefully, he becomes one of our next just as we wish for any of these other seven earners, a $5 million a month earner, and we can bless him with that trophy. Now, this last one, this is a guy out in australia.

You could technically consider this a service-based business, but there's also an info component to it. He does in-person workshops, but it's like a done with you kind of workshop. So at scale in australia, brandon here, he'll sit down with people in a big old venue and he'll teach them facebook ads. These are more like entry-level lessons that he's talking to them about. And then as he works them up to the point where they have a higher level of awareness, he obviously teaches them higher level lessons all within an intense physical in-person workshop.

So all these people are taking action on their laptops in real time, learning things, educating themselves on stuff, launching ads, building funnels, like they're doing it all. And then he's got this fleet of implementers out there in the physical location that are helping people as they have questions or something specifically comes up. He's up on stage, big screen or a projector just teaching people how to do stuff at scale. And it was the same kind of lesson. I mean, brandon in his own words says, >> "i felt like a pussy." >> so he came to a mastermind, same exact concept as somebody like devin.

He saw all these people hitting these bigger numbers, realized all his numbers were good, realized he just needed to press the gas, unlock that next unlimited level of thinking of, i need a fuckload more money, i need to get way richer than i am right now, and bam, he got himself his million-doll a month trophy. All these people exemplify the characteristics and traits of a million-doll a month earner. And they all the few of them, to be fair, have done it in somewhat similar ways. In this case, the most common pattern that we saw in between our last quarterly mastermind and this most recent quarterly mastermind was webinars. Webinars dominated a majority of these high earners that you see here.

A few of them were through call funnels. A few of them were through service-based businesses. Info is clearly dominating in terms of the current trend for a lot of these guys who are cracking million-dollar months. And i want to be really clear and saying, you might see this and think, well, i mean, that probably means there's just a lot of info guys in your group. And i got to tell you, it's probably about half.

The other half, they have all kinds of businesses, service-based businesses, physical product businesses, dtoc, ecombased businesses. We have a guy in there that sells golf carts as an example, red light panels, um, hyperbaric chambers, you know, we have guys in there with, as i mentioned, like tele medicine, [ __ ] glp companies now, you know, like there's all kinds of stuff that these people do. Agency owners, we got all kinds of people. But again, common pattern it seemed like in between q4 and q1 was this, you know, everything that you just learned here today. This all comes, as i mentioned, from members in my jeremy's inner circle group.

That's where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls, our quarterly in-person masterminds where we give out trophies like this, hang out, network, learn from these kind of guys. I do a short talk, just try to orient everybody in the right frame and get them out of here taking action, trying to get richer. We do our weekly group calls on saturdays at 11 a.m. Est. We give them all those recordings out, of course, to every member.

We have a big library full of sops for all kinds of tactical and strategical information stepbystep oriented to throw into your favorite ai llm or just to give to your staff or read yourself. It's all kinds of things that are available to you in the group like the community very active. It's on telegram full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. They chat all day every day. I'll tell you that it's a very active community full of people.

You got ai tools and tech in there like jeremy ai, our content finderbot, our new tool which is a clone of manis in its agentic mode called utari. We have so many great resources that we make available all in an effort to help people and get them richer and to move them in the right direction and to get themselves out of their own way. I'll tell you now, it's a very special thing. We safeguard it. We vet the right people from the wrong people.

We obviously only want the right people a part of this whole thing. And we truly look forward to the opportunity one day to ideally welcome you in as one of our next jeremy inner circle members. I'll tell you, it ain't cheap. It ain't expensive though. It's just costly.

Costly is a product that sure has a high cost to it, but it's well worth it and it'll never betray you. An expensive item is something that has a high cost to it that does not meet the expectation that you wanted from it and therefore it betrays you. That's a lesson from the chief designer over at hermes. We're costly, not expensive. There's links down in the description for both jeremy's inner circle and our master internet marketing offer.

I'd check out both if i were you and see which one's most appropriate. We also have a jeremy's workshop coming up where you get to come in person here to our facility. You don't have to qualify for any income. We just want to believe in you that you're actually going to go out there and get some results with it. 6 hours.

You can bring you, you can bring your staff. There's a link for that down in the description as well. Check all that out. Subscribe to the channel. Go check out some of my other videos.

Leave a comment for which one of these guys you specifically know or want some more insight on. Maybe i'll respond you guys' comments down there and try to give you some additional information relative to what you want. And more importantly than anything else, go out there and get richer. Foxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: If I Took Over Your Business For 30 Days, I'd Do This First
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVY9pBfJsck
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

If i took over your business for a full 30-day duration of time, i want to go over exactly what i would do first. Whether you're trying to crack your first million-doll month or you're already cracking million-dollar months and you're looking to tack on that next millie, i got you covered with this perspective i'm going to provide you here in today's video. No income claims, no earning potential. There's no [ __ ] way you're going to watch a youtube video. You're probably a dumbass andor a loser that has no chance on earth at ever cracking these kinds of numbers.

The us bureau of labor statistics claims there's a 0.1% probability that you ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability you'd ever crack 12 million a year or more for the even smaller probability of that. This is just simply lessons. I've come into businesses a little over 50 at this point and helped them crack million-doll months, seen it up close, helped either do the marketing, helped with consulting, helped with perspectives like exactly like what we're talking about here today. But again, the odds are still just as low for me coming in and helping a business as they would be for you going out there and doing it yourself. So, just be mindful of that.

Again, no income claims, no earnings potential, just perspective here today for you. So, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. It's always a pleasure to have you. And if you're new here, welcome in. That's all we yap about around here.

So, without further ado, let's get started. Here's the first thing that i would really consider. And this is always what we do. We look for what we call the key levers. Okay?

there's always some specific drivers of revenue. And a lot of the times there are very very large percentages of customers that come through that are very specific types of buyers that also come through very specific ways that you are currently advertising. Whether it be organic, whether it be paid, whether it be a specific funnel type, whether it be again demographic traits and characteristics. I'll give you a perfect example. A guy joins the inner circle just recently.

His name is kay. Kay gets referred to us by a guy that already does a million bucks a month. Kay does about 1.3 to 1.5 million bucks a month already. He comes into the inner circle, pays us 10k a month to do so, by the way. I jump on a call with kay within the first 24 hours.

And i just ask him, i just ask him. I'm like, "look, this is a perspective i try to carry when i help anybody. What would i do if i were you? and if i only had 30 days to do it, cuz people have to pay us every 30 days. Where would i attack?

what would i try to do to make more money? where would the revenue come from? where could savings come from?" and it always starts with, "okay, where's the revenue coming from?" so kay tells me, he goes, "okay, so it's all pretty much coming through dm ads." and these dm ads are not traditional dm ads in the way that you may consider them. These specific ads are all boosted posts, just regular content, okay, on his profile that's already there. And he doesn't get a lot of organic traction is what kay justifies.

He's like, >> i'm not really getting a lot of followers. It's all like value talking head content there. Not a lot of organic that comes from that. >> he claims he's getting about $8 on his cost per follow, okay? his cpf.

And again, out of all the new followers he gets, he does blend them together with organic and paid, but he knows he gets very little organic. So again, $8 cost per follow. And he's spending, listen to this [ __ ] he's spending about $400 to about 500k a month on this specific model that we got here, okay? just posting content, talking head content, taking 4 to $500,000 a month in ad spend and putting it towards these boosted posts of this regular content towards the people he ideally wants to convert into followers from there. And this gets crazy too, and this is really important you understand.

This is why i'm trying to break this down in terms of the drivers. Okay? he has a setter team. They reach out to all activity, engagement, follows, like all attention that comes to the profile setter dms. Okay.

And once that happens, this is actually really cool. A 3k piff. Okay. And this is a majority of the time, but 90% of the time is happening through the dm. Meaning there is no call.

There's nobody being pushed to a phone call with closer or the setter. They're just doing it right there in the dms and then selling the person right then and there for 3k in the dms. Now, obviously, there's a whole strategy there that i'm not going to talk about for free on youtube, of course, but anyway, whole strategy there that this guy uses in terms of what the setters say and the content system that they use. And long story short, he confidently spends that 4 to500k month in ad spend to generate about 1.4 to 1.5 million in revenue off of this this right here, this exact strategy. Now, here's the other thing that's very important to understand.

I didn't ask him. I'm like, "how long does that take? how long on average does it take for somebody to follow you and then turn into a buyer?" four [ __ ] months. Takes four [ __ ] months. So, from that perspective, now you're starting to get an idea where you're like, "all right, this is good data to know, but you're still missing a lot of data to make a lot of key decisions.

There's still a lot more to this driver that you can clarify." so, i start to ask these types of questions. Next, i say, "who buys on average?" like, "what do these people look like? what do they sound like? what's their race? what's their age?" all that kind of stuff.

So, he says about 90% of his buyers are 24 to 40 in terms of the age. Okay? he said about 10% of his buyers are others, like meaning just people that are either younger than that or a little older than that. Now, i then ask him a very simple question at this point. I ask him, okay, out of the total spend that you have in the lifetime of your account, right?

if you go into the ads manager, even though you're boosting all these posts and you're doing it from your phone, go into the ads manager, let's look at the total spend. Let's do a breakdown by demographic and by age, and let's see where all the spend went to. Did a majority of the spend go towards this specific 20 to 40 year old age demographic and that's why 90% of them are buyers or did a lot more spend go towards this 10% of the other buyers aka an extremely small 1 out of 10 buying pool. Did we still have a lot more spend than a 9010 ratio that went towards that demographic? the answer was [ __ ] insane.

Okay, so out of this, listen to this. There was a total of about $6 million usd that was spent between these two demographics. Okay, out of that, listen to this [ __ ] 4 million was spent on the 90% of people that were aged 24 to 40. Whereas you had $2 million that were spent on the demographic of people where only 10% of people came from. You know how [ __ ] insane that is as a ratio?

that's a 66 33%age. So when you break that down as a ratio, you just got to ask yourself a simple question. Really think about this [ __ ] does it make any sense at all to spend 33% of your total ad spend on where only 10% of your customers come from? [ __ ] no. So kay and i, after he spent his little 10k with me on joining jeremy's inner circle, he saves himself immediately a $1.8 million giant gaping hole that shouldn't even have ad spend going towards it at all whatsoever.

And he can move that budget right away over here to where 90% of the total customers come from. Now ask yourself this too cuz this isn't just a savings play right here. This isn't just a savings thing. This is also a revenue amplifier. So we have two things that we want to look at when we first come into a business.

Okay? we want to look for leaks and we want to look for revenue multipliers. Okay? the revenue multipliers are key because this is the difference here and this is really important you understand this. Leaks is like that example i just provided to you.

The revenue multiplier example is actually one and the same here because i save this amount of money, but i'm not actually going to pocket that. I'm going to take that same amount of money and just move it over here. So, it turns from a leak to a multiplier immediately. You see? now, the question is, this demographic here is going to make a fuckload more money than this demographic ever would.

I have not done the math on the exact amount that would come from taking this spend and putting it here. I didn't do that part of the equation. I'm not going to make it up for you here right now. Nor will i do the math. But i'll tell you this.

Here's what i do know. That extra $2 million being spent on where 90% of the customers come from instead of where 10% of the customers come from is going to make a fuckload more of a multiple than it would be if it was spent on where 10% come from. So leaks and revenue multipliers, these become critical. Okay. Now, in this story and in this example i provided to you, this is just the start.

This is a couple minutes into k and i's 30inut conversation. A lot of times people tell me things like that. When you join into jeremy's inner circle, you get twice a month one-on-one calls and you'd think they're 30 minutes each. You'd think like, is that enough time to talk to this guy? like an hour and a month.

You forget the fact we can obviously dm at any point, which is what rich people actually do. But regardless, we talk on the phone. Dude, that's all within minutes. That's what i want you to understand. This whole thing is a within minutes thing to figure out.

This ain't a long time to figure this [ __ ] out. This is within minutes. K's immediately [ __ ] goated in terms of the results that he's going to get now as a jeremy's inner circle member. He's going to make a fuckload more money. And also, he's going to stop losing a lot of money.

So anyway, back to my point. Okay, you start looking for key levers. So then i start asking questions back to k's story. I start saying is that is that where a majority of the revenue comes from? and then you want to put a percentage to that too.

How much of the total revenue is coming from there? how much of the total revenue is coming from other channels? now you probably heard this in your life. This is very common in the entrepreneurial world. It's the good old rule of 8020.

This rule, i think it's called pareto's law if i'm not mistaken. I don't [ __ ] know. It doesn't matter. It's the 8020 rule. They claim that about where 20% of your efforts go, you get 80% of the results.

Where 80% of your efforts go, you only get about 20% of your results. There's all kinds of different things that apply this same rule to it and concept and plenty of examples we can talk about otherwise. But here's the thing i want you to understand. Sometimes it's not as clean as this simple rule makes it sound to be. Sometimes it's like 991, meaning where literally 99% of your effort go is where 99% of your money comes from.

Sometimes it's where only 1% of your efforts and your time and your resources go is only where 1% of your revenue comes from. I don't necessarily subscribe to the concept the 8020 principle as as strictly as what i feel like older demographics do. I like to just simply find out the reality of the situation. How much actual revenue is coming from this organic channel, that organic channel, this organic channel from the paid ads. Cuz it's very important to note like technically in this example here, kay's making a lot of his money from instagram and through dms, right?

but it's not it's not in any way, shape, or form like the organic instagram is completely disconnected. It's the driver of what allows him to go boost these posts. It's the setter team in reality that drives a lot of that revenue if not all that revenue right and you got to look at the system in its entirety. So when you look at all of this together, you have the entire system that you want to see and you want to see all steps of the process, little ones, big ones, right? every single thing is a part of the system as a whole, right?

it's not just one thing or the other. Technically, the ig that's just organic doesn't do a lot, but it's a part of the broader system. The setters are absolute [ __ ] dog, right? the content and the filming of that content might seem insignificant by itself. This is a big thing that people [ __ ] up.

They never map the entirety of the system. So they don't have visibility into all of what matters. And then in addition to that, once they map it for the first time and they see how it actually looks, there's a very simple rule that we generally look for after, which is what can i amplify? what is right now something that clear as day we could put a fuckload more money, ad spend, time, resources, effort into outside of amplification. Sometimes it's an effort of duplication.

Okay? and sometimes it's an effort of taking one thing, copy and pasting it over here to do it somewhere else. This is where the organic guys usually [ __ ] up. They make all their money from like youtube in a call funnel as an example. So they think to themselves, >> my call funnel is what's working.

>> so they take a piece, they take a piece of the system and they duplicate it. And when they duplicate it, they'll take just the callunnel, they'll take direct response ads and they'll go run on meta and they'll spend some money on driving traffic to that specific callunnel. And bam, the [ __ ] stuck. It does awful. It doesn't in any way, shape, or form perform.

And they learn the reality of their situation. Their salespeople only close deals that are layup. The content is a required part of the process. And then they fail to have an ad strategy that duplicates the organic sales process via paid ads. That's where a lot of my content ad strategies come into play, by the way, which i have some incredible videos for you right here on this very channel.

You can go consume after watching this here today. But here's my point. You got to know the entire system because if you go to amplify it, you may only amplify a part of it and it'll become lopsided and fail. You may duplicate only a part of it and by duplicating only a fraction of what actually needs duplicated, it'll fail and then you lose money, you lose time, you lose resources as a result. You have to learn how to make proper decisions.

You have to learn how to come in just like what i'm teaching you here now in this video. And i'll give you a great way to think about it so you can try this on your own. But obviously, i'd implore you, check out a lot of my other videos. They'll load you up with fresh data. Treat yourself like a computer that's in need of a software update.

You only can think with the data you got in your head. More data you load up, the more you have in terms of opportunities that you can think with and exploit, be able to generate more revenue. When you look at this and you think of these types of frameworks, and by the way, there's plenty more. There's a lot more [ __ ] that we actively think with when we come into businesses. When we come in there and we sit there and we think to ourselves, what would we do in these first 30 days to drive the [ __ ] out of some revenue, save some money, cut some cost, add key people, right?

and this is what i want you to really consider. Think with that question. Change the perspective that you think through to unlock new ideas. It's not just the new data that you need that'll help you with unlocking new opportunities. It's also just a simple reframe.

Take the existing data that you've got. Take the existing view that you have and just look at the same thing from a different perspective. Take that question. If you came into your business right now and you only had 30 days to make a huge change that would positively benefit the revenue of your organization, what would you do if you just came in today as a consultant, as a new operator in your business? what would you change?

what would you do? give yourself the outside perspective because what that'll do is it'll also unlock new ideas for you without having to seek new data. But i'm going to tell you this, new data is the fastest way to be able to [ __ ] rip through this thing and get yourself some better results quicker. Go check out some of the other videos on my channel if you haven't done so already. Subscribe if you haven't done so already.

I only drop bangers. I'll never fluff you. I'll never [ __ ] you. You'll always walk away with one golden nugget from my videos. I promise you that.

Be intentional when you watch my content. Not one of these donkeys out here that's copy and pasting other people's [ __ ] i'm a unique thinker, very proven guy. We have a lot of great things we can teach you around here and i sure hope to do so both for free and of course in our paid opportunities that you can find links for down in the description. Whether it be jeremy's inner circle twice a month one-on-one calls. This the only thing i mentioned in this video so far.

We do weekly group calls. We do quarterly inerson masterminds. Huge [ __ ] training vault. We can dm each other whenever you need. We got jeremy ai.

We just rolled out utari. Utari is our agentic ai that we officially have added in our offer stack. You can go check out utari by itself as well and sign up. It's like a clone of manis, but only manis's agent mode. That's the best way to articulate it.

We love it. We created it because manis had stripped the ability to use their agentic mode by itself. So, we wanted that functionality. We beefed it up. We made it more powerful.

I added an incredible cto to that specific organization. And again, we added it as a value stack with damn near unlimited credits inside of our jeremy's inner circle offer. We also, of course, have our master internet marketing program. You can check out links for down in the description. 7-week extensive class, all things marketing, each week with a different topic.

You can go to that page below, see what each week's topic covers. You can even get a preview of week one if you'd like. So, you can see if you like my education style, the information that we cover, and all of the in-depth topics that we go through inside of that program. Either way though, subscribe, check out those paid programs, and go consume some of my other content. Thank you so much for being here.

I really respect your time. Hope you got a lot out of this. Go get rich.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Meta's NEW Andromeda Update Is Skyrocketing Ad Costs (Do THIS Now)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7lkQGLiZZo
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

Another algorithm update. This one's specific to the creative distribution process. Meta recently announced, it was technically in april, on april 22nd to be specific that they announced this. It's called meta andromeda. And we're going to go through how this is currently [ __ ] you.

If in the month of july you saw cpm skyrocket, you saw your cost per result skyrocket, you just had a dumpster fire of a month and you scured. You did everything that historically worked for you in an attempt to overcome it and you're just sitting around sitting on your hands at this point wondering what the [ __ ] is going on? why is nothing that historically worked to bring my ad cost back down working right now? andromeda is the causation. It is where to point your finger of blame.

It is what you specifically need to know. And in this video, we are going to be going through all of the details of meta andromeda, what it entails, and what you need to do. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, or if you've already cracked million-dollar months and you're looking to tack on that next million month, you're in the right place. We are talking about scaled lessons in this video. You will still get a lot of value out of this one in particular because it's just an algo update type video.

But that's all we talk about on this channel, hitting million-dollar months. And of course, there are no income claims or earning potential, especially somebody like you. Who the [ __ ] are you to expect to watch a youtube video and go out there and crack milliondoll months, you know? anyway, i digress. Without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in.

If you're a new person to the channel, welcome in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, absolute pleasure to have you back. Let's jump into this thing. So meta's engineering department specifically is the preferential place to read about this specific update. U for everybody who doesn't know they technically have two front-facing places to interact with the public.

They have the engineering at meta news articles and in addition to that they have what they call the newsroom. The newsroom is great. The newsroom is like very plain english simpler updates that they provide. The engineering at meta updates that they release are far greater in their detail. So, this is the place you want to be.

And they talk at length about the specific andromeda algorithm, where it fits into their creative recommendation process. So, i'm going to simplify all this nerd talk in this article for you in a very simple way so you can understand how it's [ __ ] you and why. Very simple to understand. The new paradigm requires you to understand one thing. It is ad diversification.

Whether it's in the newsroom article or whether it's in the meta engineering article, they both communicate the exact same thing. They simply say you must have a very diverse set of messaging in whatever assets you provide to us andor you must load us up with a lot more creatives than what you're historically used to. Here's what most people are used to. They're used to being able to upload a handful of creatives. As soon as those creatives fatigue, they can relaunch the campaigns with some fresh creatives.

Again, sometimes it's a a really lazy way of doing this. They'll take the exact same body and call to action and they'll clip that out and all they'll do is just go film some new hooks and they'll stitch those new hooks onto that existing body and call to action. That technically still works, but it has a much lower probability to work. There is a need, simply put, based on this algo recommendation process, to have creative diversity in your messaging. And i'll go through what that looks like, of course.

So, there's really two paths that you ultimately get to commit to with this new update. Path number one, and this is something that they highlight specifically in the newsroom article about this algo update. They have a guy who works as the head of e-commerce at a random company that essentially says something along the lines of, >> "i was launching three to four creatives a week and everything was fine, >> but once this algo update came out, i had to kick it up to 50 a week in order to maintain scale and consistency and cost per result." so, they don't randomly pick the single testimonial that they place inside of their newsroom articles. You best believe that they're telling you point blank, okay, you need to go from three to four a week to all the way up to 50 a week. So, that would require you, as an example, if you're doing some basic math with me here.

Four weeks in a month on average, and then you have a total of 50 creative iterations a week. That's 200 creatives a month that you've now got to churn out. But here's the situation. Path number two, which is what we've seen work that also requires a far smaller commitment, is we need about 15 diverse creatives a month in order to see success. Okay?

and so i was with my inner circle group recently and i was articulating all of this in extreme depth. Of course, much more depth than what i'll ever do here on youtube for free. And i crafted an entire sop for ad diversity mastery. And again, you'll never see the likes of that, of course, unless you join into the inner circle. The master internet marketing group has this as well.

Now, to be clear, but i digress. Point i'm trying to make is with the diversity approach and having about 15 creatives a month. Here's as simple as it is. I did this example with them where i was like, "all right, guys. Let's say we're selling some dog food, okay?

and if we needed to come up with reasons, just a bunch of reasons that people would buy our dog food, what would those reasons be?" and as a group on this weekly call, we came up with all kinds of stuff. There were some big ones that were really easy to think of first. Healthier, it's better quality than the other ones that exist. Your dog prefers it, right? and we came up with all kinds of little ones, too, like uh your dog coat is smoother, lives longer, you know, less vet visits, happier, you know, all kinds of things.

And we ended up with a big old graph where we had upwards of like 30 different reasons that people would buy dog food. Now, to be clear, that represents diversity. Historically, what you might do is you look at your ads in three different parts, which to be fair and saying is technically still a great best practice to look at it in three separate parts for the creation part of things. But to be clear and reiterate, most people what they'll do is kind of this lazy way of doing it where they'll keep the body and the cta the same and then they'll take the hook and they'll make like let's say 10 to 15 hooks. Okay?

now, out of that total quantity of hooks, they'll obviously end up with case 15 16 total ads. But here's the issue, right? what this new andromeda update clearly favors based on the entire month of july being a success for the people who overcame this and leveraged all these recommendations and then some. We found that the ad has to be unique through and through and specific to those individual reasons to buy. So that's all really messaging ad diversity means.

It just simply means that you have an entire ad with a bunch of individual reasons said throughout the entire ad, right? the theme of the ad is like, "hey, healthier dog food." the entire ad is now about healthier dog food. You have an ad about the longevity of your dog because of this dog food. The entire ad, not just the hook. The entire ad is now about longevity as it relates to that dog food.

Now, you come up with 15 total unique unique through and through individual ads and you load those up into the ad platform. We saw tremendous success doing that and it did not require us to commit to 50 creatives a week. Comparatively, here's the path number one difference. If you do commit to the 50 creatives a week, you can technically still use this system right here where you just film the front hooks, you keep the body and the cta the same, you churn through an absolute fuckload of creative in that example from what we've seen throughout the month of july testing cuz we have a very diverse group of people in the inner circle ranging from all different kinds of levels of spend in a month. And so different people chose to take different paths based on their advertising biases and preferences as a company.

So some people would do the 50 a week and these people still saw great success, but that was well above what they historically ever had to commit to for ad creatives. It wasn't that hard to be fair, especially in the age of ai. We don't even necessarily need to actually sit down and film, you know, 10 to 50 total hooks in a week. You know, we don't even need to commit to 50 creatives in a week. We can technically film 10 in a month.

And with b-roll, ai, we right there alone could create 200 variations. You know, it's not that tough to mix and match some stuff together to be able to turn out 50. Again, it's just a bigger commitment than what you're regularly used to. And because your advertiser or you didn't have the awareness about andromeda and what specifically to do to solve for it, that's why you got [ __ ] you know, it's pretty simple. Path number two, comparatively, i view it as a far easier path.

And again, we leave it up to the client. Like, we make both paths clear for which path they want to go down, but we make sure they understand both paths. We typically find that with path number two, we're getting more preferential cpm costs. We're also seeing more longevity out of the campaigns. That was actually the most interesting part of the whole thing.

Initially, when andromeda dropped with the 50 a week, that's like ad fatigue on steroids. It didn't necessarily matter the level of spend you were at. I want to be fair and saying like even at smaller levels of spend, we still had to commit to a large volume of creatives to get this to work. However, anyway, i digress. The point i'm trying to make is very simple.

High levels of spend, low levels of spend. It took this commitment, but 50 a week, it was ripping through them. Again, it was like antibiotics. When a disease becomes immune to it, grows stronger and harder to kill. That's kind of what this represented.

Okay? it was like ad fatigue on steroids comparatively. Path two with the diversified messaging throughout 15 unique ads. That worked far better. It lasted longer.

We had cheaper cost per results at similar levels of spend with less creative, less time in the accounts, less total relaunches in the accounts from relaunching campaigns. Path two was just a more preferential path, but again, both technically worked. Here's the moral of the story, and there's a lot to this that i'm not discussing here. I can't stress that enough. As any of you know who have been on this channel time and time again, i'm very transparent about this.

I am not one of those guys that tells you literally everything that there is to know. I bait you. I edge you. I give you as much as i possibly can to help you go out there and get some results, but i withhold a tremendous amount of information. And this is one of those that i want to make extremely clear.

There is a lot of additional information that i could sit here and talk about as an example of what we did in the inner circle and also what we provided to our master internet marketing community. Links for both of those down in the description. I articulated with literal ad examples with ad scripts. I showed them a specific llm that we're using to help create those well diversified ad scripts. We put a training video together to make sure that the people were educated and aware about what to do.

But we also put together that sop, very extensive sop to be able to read through, of course, but to also be able to use inside of the llm that you're that you're choosing to use here to help with the ad messaging diversity and literally write the scripts for you to make it super simple. There's also some very specific nuances of this andromeda update that again i'm not sitting here and just going through in depth or at length with you due to the fact that you're on youtube and it's free. So again, can't stress it enough. Check the links down in the description. Join into one of those programs.

The inner circle is great for rich people who want to get far richer. Master internet marketing is a great place to go when you want to learn marketing inepth. Very extensive class. And we actually just are in the middle of right now actually i think while this video drops our fifth cohort typically on an annual basis we redo majority of the class update it with fresh content load it up with more sops and again right now actually while we sit here and film this we are currently in the middle of the fifth iteration of this class. So join into it.

You'll get immediate access. You can join in with us while we're sitting here doing it live. Or again, if you're watching this video at a later date and you're just catching up on this information, get immediate access to all the past recordings of the classes, access to the community for that. And you also are going to get access to all future cohorts that we ever do without an additional cost. It's a very great set of value for you there.

But anyway, back to this point i'm trying to make is you really have to study this, okay? you really do. It makes a significant difference to your success. So, go to the meta engineering site, read through this update on meta andromeda. Again, here's what it looks like so you can search for it specifically.

Go out of your way and make sure you understand this. Also, read the facebook newsroom version of talking about andromeda so you can see it in more simple language. This explains at length why they did it and it's very simple to understand. To be clear, this is like the executive summary version about why they made this change to the creative algorithm recommendation process. This is the new first step in the recommendation process.

Due to what generative ai has done to ad creatives, it's enabled them with those advantage enhancements on the ad level to create thousands of variations. So, here's the good news for certain niches. If you're in ecom and you just use like product photos, pretty basic image ads, all of the generative ai tools with the advantage enhancements on the ad level of meta are all at your disposal to make doing this super easy. You really shouldn't have a bad time if you're leveraging those. But here's the downside.

They add super whack music to it if you use an image ad. They do weird things. I mean, listen, it's new. I i'm pretty sure i saw zuckerberg on a podcast talk about their [ __ ] vibe coding over there. Most of this stuff.

So, simply put, it doesn't always come out looking good. Like, most of the generative image that's that they create for service-based businesses, for high ticket product, high ticket service info businesses as examples, most of those look like [ __ ] with the advantage enhancements. And so that requires you in that example to actually commit either an in-house or potentially a creative agency to help churn out this amount of content that's now required. So they needed relative to the quantity of ads that were in existence. Now the total combination of creatives that were getting launched at facebook were extremely high.

If i'm not mistaken, i believe at one point they said that there were 10,000 times more ad creatives than there had ever been in the past once generative ai had released. And as a result of that, they needed to literally and totally rework their advertising ad recommendation process. The creative recommendation process, specifically the first step is now andromeda. And again, the whole intention of that was to handle the completely overwhelming amount of total ad creatives that were being thrown at it. So here's what we found, and i'll leave you with this little tidbit because i think this is extremely valuable to understand.

Historically, majority hooks mattered the most. Okay? so historically, what i would generally encourage is that you find the hook that resonates with the most people. Therefore, you can make the most by picking a specific set of messaging that has the most response compared to the smaller hooks. And generally, you would have, you know, a second order hook and then you typically have a bunch of small hooks after that that just have less and less total reach and impact.

What we found with the andromeda update, and this is really simple to understand this part. The reason that these small hooks specifically matter so much more than they used to, is because andromeda prefers and does an extremely good job at matching very tiny niche hooks and messaging with the person who's most probable to respond to it. That was the historical promise of dynamic ads. There's that little toggle on the ad level that i'm sure we're all familiar with that says optimize creative for each person. The logic of that little toggle when you leverage dynamic creative or flexible ads, give or take what your account calls it, you would have an opportunity when using that to have whatever combination of creative that you loaded into it, the body copy, the headlines, the images or videos to be combined in a specific way for that individual, which again, that's technically the promise it fulfilled.

Butt, and this is a big butt, you'd still see one of those hooks that's loaded within the dynamic creative dominate and it would typically show up again and again and again and again. And no matter what other hooks you tested against it, you'd typically see that majority hook be dominant. Now, i want to be clear when i say this, that technically still happens in this new paradigm with andromeda factored in. You still typically see one of the hooks get a dominant amount of the reach. But the craziest part is it's the most small and minor hooks that historically have had like next to no relevance.

It's almost like what we're seeing is there's these little pocket audiences where there's a small tiny hook that again historically wouldn't really pull a lot of weight that's pulling all the [ __ ] weight right now. And it drills down into that pocket audience so aggressively. And once it starts getting a lackluster response from that little pocket audience, it pivots away from it and goes to one of the other diverse messaging ads that you've uploaded into it. And so we're seeing like a very clear rotation in what specific creative is being leveraged. We generally still see a a similar theme across all the different targeting that we're doing.

Whether it's warm audiences, broad interest stacks, lookalikes, special ad categories, we're still seeing a pretty dominant hook end up getting most of the reach, whether it's dynamic ads or individual ads. But again, with with enough time passing, we're actually seeing, and this is very interesting, more longevity out of the path to the 15 diverse ad path of action because when that hook fatigues, it just rotates to one of these other like, and again, it's it's generally not the majority hook. It's not even the second order hook. It's like the tiniest little [ __ ] hook that you'll be surprised you even have working for you. That's bringing in very qualified people, bringing in people ready to show up and buy.

Very important you still pair it with all the back-end selling systems that we teach on this channel to help with show rates and close rates and shortening sales cycles and increasing piffs. We're also, believe it or not, actually seeing a huge uptick in content consumption out of all things inside of our hammer them campaigns, inside of our other content cycle bins as they relate to all these other content ad strategies. It is at first very intimidating as an advertising algorithm update due to the fact this was one of the first ones in a very long time that updated the creative recommendation process. Again, this fully replaced the first step in the ad creative recommendation process. It's been a long time since that's happened.

So, everybody was kind of caught off guard by this and due to the fact they announced it in april, like some people got [ __ ] by this between april and july, but everybody got [ __ ] by it in july because that's when they very clearly rolled it out to every account. So, can't stress it enough. At first, it's going to seem like, "wow, this kind of sucks." but after you actually overcome the hump, you implement either path one or path two, and you truly commit to one or the other on an ongoing basis, the longevity of the campaigns when you take path two is far greater than what it was pre-adromeda update. The ability to just see tiny little hooks feels a lot better to watch them perform comparatively to only having like one dominant hook. It's really cool to see a bunch of small stuff that didn't mean anything historically get some [ __ ] life for once, you know?

and if you take path one, technically it's just more effort than what it was previously. And i can fully understand if you committed to path one, you know, it would be a rather exhausting algo update because again, it'll normalize. It'll habitualize as time goes. You'll be fine, you know, but at first it's a little more daunting if you choose to take path one and don't commit to the diversity that's necessary. So anyway, just to reiterate, i cover this at length.

I can't stress that enough at length with plenty of examples, details, further insights inside of both of the programs, the inner circle and/or master internet marketing. Links for that down in the description. Either way though, subscribe to the channel. This is one of those more unique videos on this page where i'm able to talk about a specific advertising algorithm update. Almost every video on my channel is generally geared, optimized, and meant for people that are already at a couple hundredk a month, couple million a month, and just trying to tack on their first mill a month or the next mill a month.

No earnings claims, no income potential by watching any singular video on my page for that matter. The odds of ever hitting a million a month are like 0 something 1%. Very low odds. Can't stress that enough. But moral of the story, all my videos on this page are very helpful for you if that's the journey that you're committed to.

Anyway, go out there and make some money.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Non-Obvious Ways To Dramatically Increase Your Sales Team's Performance
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFvxOQCU0Dk
CATEGORY: Sales
============================================================

There are some very nonobvious reasons that your sales team is failing to close deals. And i'm going to tell all of them to you here in this video today. On your path to cracking million-dollar months or adding that next million dollars a month, sometimes the simplest little changes and sometimes it's something that's very non-obvious that you otherwise wouldn't see without help from people like myself putting you on game to exactly in this context what your sales team needs to do in order to close far more deals than they are right now. And i promise you this, these are all going to be worth it. Make sure that you're very attentive and intentional during this specific set of lessons here today.

Welcome into the channel if you're new here. My name is jeremy haynes. All we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million month or the next million month, these are all just lessons from people who have been there, done that, that we're handing down to you. Of course, there's not a single [ __ ] income claim that we can make around here cuz we have no idea who you are and whether you have any probability to turn money into more money.

You're probably a dumbass. And at the end of the day, there's a.1% probability, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, that you'll ever crack $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability than that that you would ever crack million-dollar months or the even smaller probability than that that you would ever do a couple million bucks a month. So again, i'm not claiming you're going to make any money from sitting here watching this video. Again, i'm just handing down lessons from people that are absolutely spanking you in terms of revenue and telling you the things that they have going on that are working well for them. So, welcome in if you're new to the channel.

That's our centralized topic here. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolutely a pleasure to have you here. Without further ado, let's dive into another banger. So, here's the first one.

Your people have zero authority. Okay? when you look at your sales team, they look like [ __ ] you probably hire a bunch of third world people. There are some guys that we work with that are always in like the low couple a month range. They'll hire literal third worlders.

They'll hire vas. They'll hire any [ __ ] who just shoots them a dm on instagram. They'll hire the the little broccoli boys with the crazy cuts. You know your people look like [ __ ] okay, this is very important to understand. Authority transfers quite well.

However, it does not transfer quite well into people that look like [ __ ] okay, so this is very important you understand this. I'll give you a great example of how this works. You sit here and you watch somebody like me. I'm a high authority [ __ ] i talk with certainty. I put you on genuine game.

If this isn't your first video with me, or even if it is, i'm going to teach you stuff that can go out there that you apply into your business that will help get you some results. And you'll see momentum from it. And you'll start thinking to yourself, >> "damn him, this jeremy guy really knows what the [ __ ] he's talking about. Like, he's good. I want to go buy from this guy." >> and then what you'll do is you'll go to one of my funnels where you'll see me again.

I'll be in the vss sales. I'll be the guy that's writing the copy on the pages. And you'll experience me in written form and in a different video form on a sales page. At that point, you're then going to apply and you're going to schedule a call with us and then you get on the phone with somebody in my organization. Now, there's a very high probability that you're going to talk to somebody named leo.

Okay? and when you talk to my guy, leo, okay, leo is my head of sales. He talks to the richest amongst you. He talks to people that are most qualified amongst you. And we have other sales guys that you may also talk to.

But here's the best part. You will find that my people don't look like [ __ ] okay? you can go to my people's instagram. They look good. They represent the business.

Well, my people on every single sales call they'll ever be on, they're wearing a little megalodon marketing polo shirt with our company logo here. My people, like my guy leo specifically, he makes as low as like 80k a month. That [ __ ] the last like two months made upwards of 133 grand a month. He's got a lakehouse. That's a second house for him.

Okay. Does your sales guy have a second house? probably not. And my point is, neo's also got four kids. This fucker's got his [ __ ] tight.

He looks the part. He's fit. He's got propaganda all around him in his zoom environment. He talks the part. He represents the business well.

You could ask him questions like what you would ask me and he's actually competent enough to answer them. And yes, that's specialized knowledge that takes a fair bit of time to actually acquire and be able to represent on behalf of the business to potential customers and clients like you on the phone. But here's my point. That transfers. That authority from me into my team transfers and you will give a [ __ ] about that when you show up to the call.

Whether you want to judge it or not, it will make a difference. Let me give you another example. The names make a big difference. Okay? we had a test, and this is going to sound super [ __ ] racist, but it's very true.

There was a guy, he's in the inner circle, his name's eric. Eric had two salespeople. One had a 70% show rate, one had a 40% show rate. Very first question. What are the names of the two reps?

one of them was named david. The 40% show rate or the 70% show rate. Which show rate do you think was attributed to david? the 70% show rate. The one that had a 40% show rate was like a [ __ ] 10 syllable name.

It's how it works. Sometimes it's as simple as the phone numbers, right? it's like we've always talked about this on this channel for a long [ __ ] time where i've always said we like to use iphones to send our text messages out. All my salespeople, they have business lines. No, we don't use all these blue text message companies.

We just use actual iphones. All those blue text message companies have all kinds of software glitches. You got rotate the number all the [ __ ] time. And yeah, they can integrate into a crm so you can send some automated [ __ ] we don't care about that. We will use an actual iphone for in perpetuity until all those little software glitches that those companies have fix themselves.

But let me be clear, the phone number also matters a lot. Okay, it does because if you have somebody text, like if you're selling to americans and you text us on whatsapp, get [ __ ] you're going to have a terrible time. Your people are going to have a hard time closing cuz as americans, we don't use whatsapp that frequently. There's some of us that do when we have to talk to our international teams or people that are overseas or our international customers. But listen, all you international people watching this, you probably think that's crazy.

You know it's true. But you guys all use whatsapp because most of the other countries on earth for an extremely long duration of time did not have the benefit of being able to buy iphones and y'all adapted to using whatsapp instead. So anyway, i digress. I'm not trying to sit here and roast y'all. We have customers from literally 100 plus different countries.

Here's my point. If you're selling to other countries, use whatsapp. If you're selling to americans, you need to use an iphone and actually text with blue texting back and forth with the leads. And it needs to be a phone number that's actually going to show up like a real person. Okay, here's my point.

When your people look like [ __ ] okay, that authority from you into them is going to fail to transfer. That's going to inhibit deals getting closed. When your people go look up, when your clients and your customers go look up your sales rep, and there's nothing about them they can find on the internet, they're going to also have an increased level of skepticism. When you look up my people on the internet, my people have a presence. My people are aligned with our organization.

My people's social media channels, they're aligned to our organization. When you get on a call with my people, again, they look sharp. They're wearing company polos. They look like they got their [ __ ] together because they do have their [ __ ] together. My sales reps in almost all instances are in some in some cases richer than the people that we sell to give or take who we're selling to.

We have plenty of people specifically for our inner circle offers and our agency offers of course where you know my sales reps are nowhere near as rich as the client that they're sitting there talking to. But as an example for our master internet marketing program, my sales reps probably sweep you in revenue and you'll notice you'll notice you'll see him talking to you from his lakehouse. You know what i mean? and that's kind of my point. My sales reps have the authority of me, my belief system from me, my company culture from me transferred into them and they represent it.

Okay? they have normal names that again represent us well because at the end of the day, again, as crazy racist as it sounds, it's very true, that can create upwards of a 30% difference in show rate just based on the name of the person that you have them getting on the phone with. The phone number itself also makes a substantial [ __ ] difference. Okay, these are just little things that you have to consider. Obviously from there, this is one that i already kind of talked about, but i want to be really clear and make it into a whole point, okay?

specialized knowledge. This is something that most of you guys absolutely suck at. Some of you, this specific point keeps you on the phone forever. Like you as the business owner or you as like the partner of the business, whatever the [ __ ] you want to call yourself, you think that you need to stay on the phone because you fail to transfer specialized knowledge into people. When in reality what you need to do is you need to get way better at training your people so that specialized knowledge can actually transfer into them.

It's not tough. Yes, there's going to be instances where a question can't be answered. You know what you do in that example? you have a phone a friend. Okay, we call it phone an expert where there's somebody that's available on staff who does actually have the specialized knowledge that can be tapped into the game that can be tapped into that call in real time.

Well, if i'm not busy and one of my sales reps need me to jump on the call because something's not being answered properly, they will be able to phone an expert, me or somebody else in my staff, and we will jump in and we will answer those questions. We will get the technical things answered because that's sometimes what's required in order to get a deal closed. Okay? competency. This is one of the most important things that you have to understand.

There are i'm not even going to make up a [ __ ] number, dude. It's damn near all of you at this point. It's [ __ ] unbelievable. There is so little desire to actually go out there and just run a proper sales organization at this point. It's unbelievable to me how few people on earth that are business owners anymore have willingness and passion and desire for one of the number one skills that grows an organization to substantial revenue numbers.

You have to be willing to get into the trenches from a sales management perspective and actually help your people become competent. You have to be willing to train them day in and day out. And this is the craziest part, right? it's like you got to be willing to in a sense like short-term sacrifice a little bit of quality of life just to jump in and train your people far more often than you are now. Everybody nowadays is using [ __ ] sales agencies and it causes a whole different whirlwind of problems cuz they deal with the exact same [ __ ] here, but arguably way worse in almost all instances.

There's very very very very few instances where that isn't the case. Okay, but here's my point. In-house teams when properly managed by a business owner that genuinely gives a [ __ ] and transfers beliefs and transfers culture and transfers competency and transfers specialized knowledge, jumps on calls themselves occasionally and accumulates more and more training is just filming stuff and immersing their people in culture doing team meetings consistently just jumping in and just training the [ __ ] hell out of people. Like that makes a huge difference. Okay, it transfers.

This is very important you understand this and you actually step into this role and do this [ __ ] okay, this is another one that's very important. It's called narrative management. Narrative management absolutely face [ __ ] businesses out of results all the damn time. Narrative management is where your people start to develop some storyline that they participate in about how the leads suck about how there's no way that these people are going to close, right? and then all it takes sometimes is your sales manager or one of the competent reps or you jumping in on those calls, slamming some [ __ ] deals closed, looking your sales reps in the eyes and being like, >> "fuck you guys talking about?

shut the [ __ ] up and close these leads." >> and then magically the narrative breaks and they start closing a bunch of deals again. You understand? it's like the narrative has to be attacked aggressively. You cannot have a narrative just go on and on and on and run wild because as it spreads, it cements itself more and it's harder to take out of the ground and it grows back. You got to get rid of the people that cause the narrative that stay latched on to it.

And and again, not a lot of businesses have the willingness to fire reps, replace them because they know it's a multi-week process and they know there's potentially going to be a little bit of a revenue loss there. But at the end of the day, like most of the time when the narrative goes against you, it's really easy to see like when the tipping point starts and everything starts to shift in the closing team or the setter team or the entire sales organization for that matter, their perspective about why what's going on is happening and what story they start to live within. Okay, the narrative is really important. This is the story they live in. Okay, and if the story they live in starts to go against what would benefit the business, you have to come in and nip it in the ass immediately.

It will [ __ ] you if you do not. Okay, i can't stress this enough. The narrative, actively being in your organization's favor, actively having positive things to say about leads that are coming in, being in a position where deals are probable to close solely because of the frame of the sales people. You know, we recently just had a client, listen to this audacious [ __ ] okay? they have a 17,000 and a $26,000 offer and the sales team started to [ __ ] about the leads.

Well, they had an 18 question application, long as [ __ ] it had a $700 cost per qualified call that would come out the other side of it, sometimes as much as $900. We lowered the quantity of questions in the application and still managed to leave the ones that were important for the conditional logic in there. They got the cost per qualified book call down to about $350 to $500 instead of $700 to 900. That was really good. Well, the sales team was so attached to the idea that the intent was going to fall dramatically because the application went down that like magic, all of a sudden they weren't closing deals.

So, what did we do? we caught it thankfully within about two weeks, which is still an audacious amount of time to just get face [ __ ] on revenue that could have otherwise been coming in. And we we told the sales manager around narrative management. We were like, "look, here's what we're going to do. We're going to lie to the sales team and we're going to say that we changed it back to the long form application.

We're not going to do a damn thing different. We're going to leave the shorter form application and we're just going to lie to the sales people and tell them that we changed it to the long form application. Go along with it, mr. Sales manager, and let's see what happens." guys, guess what happened? yeah.

The sales team magically started closing a bunch of [ __ ] deals again because they all thought that it was the longer form application. Then after about a week of consistent performance, we told the sales team, we said, "hey [ __ ] nothing changed. It was the short form application that entire time. You guys' belief systems absolutely could. Shut the [ __ ] up and close those deals now." and again, we're getting a half the cost per call that we were getting prior.

This is good for everybody, not bad. Close some deals, please, for the love of god. So anyway, narrative management matters a lot. It could be as simple as literally lying to your sales team so it breaks the narrative. In other instances, somebody's got to come in and just bank a bunch of deals closed and that that ends up solving the problem.

By the way, excuse me if i sound a little nasly. I was a little sick these last few days, but that ain't going to hold me back from giving you guys these these gains. Okay. So, okay. Anyway, long story short, one last thing.

I'll close it out with this. Okay. And this one's also very important you understand this. You have to know that when you think in the context of like real reasons that your sales team isn't closing, they'll generally play the blame game and they're going to they're going to blame marketing. Okay?

they're always going to say like, "oh, it's marketing's fault." okay. The best organizations that we've ever worked with that are some of the most consistent, that have the highest performance, that have the highest close rates, it's a combination of accountability and responsibility. Okay, there's a great book by joo, extreme ownership. Okay, extreme ownership talks about this concept where when we assume responsibility over a situation and we assume accountability over the situation, we then have the ability to influence it. As soon as somebody starts playing the blame game, it's [ __ ] cooked.

There is no accountability. There is no responsibility in the blame game. Pointing a finger at others. We want to instead point the finger at ourselves and say, "this is our fault." as an example, if you guys go on to my channel here and you watch a lot of the other things that can help your sales team improve their ability to close, things like my back-end selling systems, my content ad strategies, my content first ad strategies that i've inceptualized, all of these incredible things that we talk about on this channel that relate to marketing. This specifically in this context, in this set of lessons, is all just sales people things they could do.

Okay? blaming the finger and and saying this is my fault, that's what unlocks all that ideiation that you guys have seen me put on display on my channel from the marketing side. When sales teams that we've worked with blame themselves instead of blaming the marketing team, they also unlock a bunch of new ideas and a bunch of creative solutions that we sit there in depth and talk about one by one by one by one for exactly what all these sales teams do inside of my paid programs that i would never share with you here for free on youtube. I've already put you on a tremendous amount of game here today. All this stuff, just this stuff alone, these basic ass things that i've talked to you about here will make such a [ __ ] huge difference.

And if you're not, i don't know, dumber than a [ __ ] door knob, you can go out there and use all of these and get some substantial results inside of your sales teams. Cuz here's the thing. First of all, i guarantee a lot of your people look like [ __ ] i guarantee that there's very little authority transferring over to them. I guarantee you this, there's a huge difference between the names of the right people and the wrong people. I bet your phone numbers are absolutely cooked.

I bet you fail to transfer genuinely specialized knowledge into your people. And so there are certain questions that certain leads show up and ask that your people will never be able to answer because you don't actually give a [ __ ] to train them. And you don't have a phone and expert that they can tap into. The narrative going on in your team is absolutely [ __ ] trash. And you fail to step in and just rectify it by either lying to them to improve it or just stepping in and closing deals yourself.

And you let everybody in your team point the finger at everybody else instead of pointing the finger at themselves so they can actually unlock some true performance improvement. It's a damn shame. Of course, there's a fuckload of other things that we could sit here and teach you, but we hold back 80 to 90% of what we actually know over here on my youtube channel. We put you on enough game to go out there, get results, make some money with what we teach, and then get to the point where you can actually join into one of our paid offers, which there's links for down in the description. If you're rich trying to get a fuckload richer, check out jeremy's inner circle.

If you are trying to fully understand and embrace all of the really powerful, extremely in-depth lessons i have on marketing, check out my master internet marketing program. You can preview week one of the seven weeks down in the link in the description. At the very least, go check out some of my other videos here on my channel. Subscribe if you haven't done so already. And more importantly than anything else, go get richer.

Talk soon.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Steal This Checklist To Instantly Increase Your Show Rates
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwfuuokLx0o
CATEGORY: Show Rates
============================================================

When you're scaling up to million-dollar months, one of the biggest kpis that matters the most is your show rate. In this video in particular, we're going to go through, it's a two for one. We're going through your callfunnel show rate best practice checklist. We're also going to go through a webinar best practice show rate checklist for you so you know step by step what you need to pay attention to, what you might need to check, what you might need to improve in order to maintain the highest show rate possible. Cuz let's be quite frank, the difference between a 50% show rate and a 70% show rate on a call funnel realistically is a couple hundred,000 for most of you.

For the smaller people watching this, tens of thousands of dollars in a difference, which still to both parties in either circumstance have substantial meaning. Now to be clear for webinars, the difference between a 10 to 15% show rate and upwards of a 30% show rate, same scenario, same dollars on the line. So, whether you're new to this channel and here for the first time or whether you're already a subscriber and tuning back in, thank you so much for being here. Very excited to help you out. All we do around here is talk about million-dollar months.

There is nothing else that we give a [ __ ] about besides hitting million-dollar months and then clearing a couple million dollar a month and scaling beyond that after. These are all lessons from clients who have been there, done that, lessons that are proven to work out there in the field. But i can't stress this enough. Your probability of doing 10 million a year, a little less than a million dollars a month according to the us bureau of labor statistics is.1%. So the probability for you personally, that's right, you sitting here watching this, to ever hit million dollar months, let alone anything above that.

It's even smaller than.1%. So there's no income claims around here. There's no earning potential. There's absolutely no guarantees you're going to make [ __ ] all money after watching this video. These are just lessons that we're handing down to you from people who have been there, done that.

Keep that in mind. And without further ado, let's dive into another banger. Let's start with call funnels. So for your call funnel specifically, there's a few things that matter the most when you're looking at what you need to focus on step by step. What i like to do with any good checklist is go through the sequential order of what happens from a lead's perspective that could impact their probability to show up or not.

That obviously starts in this case with the ads. So the ads is an initial category. There's a few things that we have to keep in mind. Number one is the messaging of the ads. There's a lot of people recently who have been leveraging tools that are mainly ai tools and rightfully so.

A few of them to be fair in terms of how they are used and what they produce can absolutely lead to higher click-through rates, higher quantities of people booking calls, lower cost per calls, and there's no issue with lead quality when done right andor the probability of people showing up. But some of you are very lowkilled or you've hired lowskilled people. So you see the vanity metric of a higher click-through rate and you see a cheaper cost per call, but in reality it's shooting you straight in the foot because you're bringing in a bunch of junker donkey leads that are coming through as a result of having a high level of curiosity and then a complete disconnect on who you are, what your brand is, what you're there to help people with. So you got to have a fine balance to this. Anyway, back to my point.

Messaging. Okay, we want to have the right people in the first place coming through and booking. We have to therefore be extremely intentional about who we are attempting to communicate to and what we are attempting to communicate to them. We can do sometimes your messaging can have inongruencies that lead to a lot of problems that you don't necessarily correlate on the backend set of problems to the messaging issues that you have on the front end. A great example of this, if i tell somebody that i can do x and then as soon as they actually book the call and i implement some, let's say, back-end selling systems, confirmation page videos, value dense email sequences, my hammer them strategy, salespeople manually reaching out, tailoring very specific helpful things for the lead to consume prior to the call.

And those things talk about i can do y and z and they fail to reiterate that i can accomplish x. The person might think, >> i booked a call for somebody who can't help me. That's in congruency. In congruency can [ __ ] your show, rick. The wrong people booking in the first place.

Sometimes i get people who i work with, whether it be through my inner circle program, hands-on clients, or even just my master internet marketing students bringing up these situations. They'll have a really good cost per call. Whatever you view really good as, let's just say that it's in that range. So, you're on the same page with me mentally through this example. They have a really good cost per call, but half their leads are junker donkey lead.

Okay? and as a result, their cost per call is technically not what they view it as in the ads manager or in highros or whatever other tool they're using for reporting. So it's artificially low. It's not actually low. But in their brain, they haven't made the distinction yet.

And the difference between what an actual cost per qualified call is currently coming through and what a junker donkey lead cost per call is comparatively. So, as a result, when they implement some of the best practices that we're sitting here talking about now, they look at it like, "oh, i'm getting a higher cost per call now." >> but in reality, they're dramatically increasing the quality of the calls that they're producing, and they technically, just based on math, have a lower cost per qualified call than whatever the cost per qualified call was prior in the junker donkey lead metric that it previously was. You understand? so, moral of the story is sometimes you'll do things that improve stuff and then it artificially inflates one of your numbers to the real number that it should be the entire time. And even that number is technically lower in this scenario than what it previously was.

You'll still view it as higher because you're comparing it to a previously madeup number that didn't make sense to track in the first place the way that it was. So, moral of the story, messaging can bring in the wrong people or it can bring in a lot of the right people. And messaging is on the ads, it's on the funnels, it's everywhere. It's in what you say in the videos. It's in what you say in the images.

Messaging can also be how we communicate what we can do. So image ads as an example are very easy to quickly interpret. However, they typically bring a lower interest level and therefore a lower intent lead into the booking call process. Comparatively, if i have a video ad that does a great job, awesome messaging congruent to whatever it is i can actually do on the back end once somebody books a call, brings in the right caliber of lead, the right quality individual through the process, that matters a lot. Okay, that matters a lot in that case.

That's going to help the process of our show rate naturally being higher because of that. So again, just to be clear, messaging happens everywhere. It happens in the video ads. They typically are higher intent, a little higher quality, generally not coming through curious. They're a little more sold or at least a little more closer to being sold.

Image ads can bring a naturally lower intent lead. They technically can both communicate similar things, but image ads obviously have far less to communicate. There's also a lot of importance on the things that are on the landing pages, which we'll talk here soon about. But again, when i talk about messaging, it's a very like all-encompassing initial thing on the checklist, right? there's a bunch of sub things like the body copy, the headline, the actual ad video or the ad image.

So anyway, if you want to take an actual checklist, just make sure you note those things down. The body copy, the congruency aspects of this whole thing. That would definitely be another little checklist here. What you say inside of the videos, what you say inside of the images. And by the way, you should never use just one or the other in terms of videos or images.

We typically like to use about 80% of our total assets to be videos. We like to have 20% be images. We find the balance is healthy. Okay. And again, congruency.

Congruency means things on the front end that are congruent to what's on the back end. These are an example of some of the things that you can track as a checklist to what can immediately impact show rate. Also, on the ad level, of course, we have our targeting. So, most of the time for a lot of you sitting here watching this, you're going to be leveraging facebook and instagram as your main traffic channel. Maybe you're leveraging organic.

Let me be clear when i say this. Obviously, if you're doing paid ads, it's a very big difference between channels, okay? every channel allows you to target different subsets of people, but most businesses that we've seen come through our processes, they spend a majority of their budgets on meta. So, long story short, targeting on meta specifically is broad targeting. If you do interest stacks, even if you do lookalike audiences, it's pretty much still broad targeting nowadays.

And so, as a result of that, there's two things that matter the most. One of which we've already talked about messaging and the second of which is what we call pixel conditioning. Now, how does this all relate specifically to your show rates? okay, pixel conditioning. The people that you allow to come back and hit that results column, that's who the ads manager is probable to go after next.

So, just to reiterate, you have a bunch of junker turd leads coming through your process, you're going to go after a bunch more turds. If you have essentially factored in how broad targeting actually works nowadays and you've watched my most recent video i've published on the meta andromeda update and how that requires a fuckload more well diversified creative than what we've previously had to accomplish as advertisers, you'll understand right away the combination of these three things wildly impacts show rate. Messaging, targeting, and the pixel conditioning. Keep in mind pixel conditioning and messaging. The point i'm trying to make with targeting, that's really what targeting is nowadays since everything's broad.

Very important to remember that pixel conditioning and messaging is essentially targeting nowadays. Generally, when we set up our campaigns, we'll do a very simple structure. We'll have a cold audience. We'll have a warm audience campaign. So, two campaigns total.

The cold audience campaign specifically will typically have three ad sets. We'll do a broad, we'll do an interest stack, and we'll do lookalike audiences. Of course, if we're in a special ad category, two out of three of those can be disabled for us. Technically, in almost all special ad categories, you have some interests that are available to you. So, you can technically do two out of three of those.

In that example, in the warm audience campaign, we typically have that one ads set as a warm audience stack full of every warm audience that we can put inside of it. And then if we have an account that doesn't have all the stupid [ __ ] turned on with it on the dynamic ad level, stupid [ __ ] being things like site links, um some of the advantage creative toggles being turned on by default on the dynamic creative level or uh also in some of your accounts it might be called flex blads. Just to point that out. Anyway, point i'm trying to make is very simple. In some instances, we'll use dynamic.

In other instances, we'll set it up with a bunch of individual ads. And if we do individual ads, the benefit of that is we get to have far more creatives than just the 10 videos or images that we'd otherwise upload into a dynamic ad. Very important to consider. But anyway, moral of the story is when i'm looking at what can impact my show rate, i do pay attention to these things a lot because again, they they are the leading front-end side of the spectrum here. The next step is obviously our page.

Okay, our landing page in this case. A landing page has a tremendous amount of influence as well on who's probable to come through and whether they're probable to show up or not. And so when you look at landing pages specifically, there's generally three main components that we like to look at. The headline, the vssl, and then all the sections that we have on the page. Okay.

A little other subset statistic just to pepper in here is whether we directly embed the application or whether we have a button. Something else to consider in terms of whether people are probable to show up or not. Interestingly enough, inside of these variables specifically, this is a big component of messaging, just to be clear for how this is going to influence who comes through or not. But i also want to be very fair and saying some people at this step specifically will have something like an opt-in. If you've watched a lot of my videos on this channel, you've heard me talk time and time again about demonizing opt-in pages.

It's generally because it lowers the quantity of people that are going to book calls. It artificially inflates your cost per call as a result. And it typically also is optimized around the general public. Whereas rich people, they generally don't ever opt in, especially when they're just there to watch and consume a pitch that you have and see if it's right for them in the first place. You're therefore going to allow more people to book.

You're going to have a lower cost per call. And also, you're going to have in this case, believe it or not, have more people probable to show up. Interestingly enough, time and time again, and i don't think i've shared this in other videos on this channel, to be clear, we've seen that opt-in rates can either wildly influence in a positive direction or negative direction what the show rate ends up as. Believe it or not, as a split test, we have different accounts where they justify wholeheartedly that the opt-in is necessary, that people who opt in show up at a higher rate, and they buy at a higher rate, yet their show rates are in like the 40s to even as high as like the 60 percentile range. And we tell them, we're like, "look, let's just try it for 2 weeks.

Let's remove the opt-in for a twoe duration of time. Let's see if we can get any positive impact on the other side of that split test. Let's [ __ ] around and find out. And every single time, it is a majority of the time that this occurs. I guess that was kind of like that uh in anchor man where the guy's like 60% of the time it works every time.

Let me backtrack there. Kind of retract that a little bit and clarify. A majority of the time when we remove an opt-in through that twoe test, just that in itself improves the show rate. Okay. A minority of the time and i'd say sub 10% removing an opt-in actually keeps the show rate the same or negatively impacts it and therefore justifies the point of the client.

I go by a great golden rule that i've talked about time and time again on this channel when it comes to marketing mindset. I don't want to be right. I just want to make money. Here's what i found out with optins specifically. Whenever we have somebody actually just go into their crm and run the numbers, nobody ever [ __ ] buys who's who opts in and does not book the call or apply.

Okay? and that's the specific crm test that you want to run. Go and look and just run the numbers. If i have this many people who opted in and they did not apply, they did not schedule, whatever that time frame is, did the people opted in buy? now, the minority of examples where it's totally justifiable to still have an opt-in is if you have a baller setter team.

Okay? if you've got an absolute set of killers on your setter team that are reaching out proactively to all these people that are opting in and not applying, that's your highest probability to obviously make money with those folks. If you've got a killer email sequence that's laying up people onto your schedule, therefore lowering your cost per call and justifying the opt-in because those people do buy, again, totally makes sense to have an opt-in. But let me be clear when i say this. When it comes to show rate, remember that step, okay?

a good 90% of the time when we remove an opt-in, it improves the show rate. So, it's something to consider when you're watching a video like this. When you're looking at your show rate checklist, do you at least want to justify running the test to find out for yourself what your organization's statistics are going to look like on the other side of that? it's justified every time in my world when somebody has an opt-in. I'll tell you that right now, especially for a good two weeks.

So, anyway, optin something to consider. Do you have it? do you not have it? you know, either way, make sure you understand that. Absolutely.

And wildly affect show rate. Outside of that, the application itself. So when you look at application question counts, this can also dictate show rate positively or negatively. We have a consulting client literally right now that just in the most recent month ran this test. We had an application that was 18 questions long.

Every single time we looked at cro, everybody would point their finger at that application and be like >> that's got to be [ __ ] us. Like there's so many drop off points throughout the application. So much friction, you know? >> so we did a shorter application. It had seven questions.

It was called super short. And the super short application test dropped the show rate by 20%. The closers and setters immediately started to communicate a substantially lower qualified lead who was showing up as well. All because we removed friction. So when you look at application questions specifically and how the application's designed, what questions are being asked, how many questions are being asked, this absolutely impacts show rate.

So look at the question by question drop off. But just remember, you have to remember this. If you remove some questions, you might lower the show rate. Sometimes, as a result, you actually need to increase the quantity of application questions, as silly as that might sound, in order to increase friction so you get higher intent leads on the other side of it. The right questions signal that you get it and that you understand what you are doing for the other party.

Like the information gathering process can signal to the other party that you're an idiot or that you actually know what you're talking about. So, let me just break it down like this, okay? if i ask multiple choice questions that are the super super dumb questions like, "okay, >> did you watch the entire video before you started filling out this application?" >> that's a dumbass question. If you ask them, >> "hey, you're about to book a call. Are you actually going to show up to the call that you booked?" >> that is a get [ __ ] question.

Again, these are questions that are unnecessary. Add add irrelevant levels of friction that are going to [ __ ] you, okay? in terms of your show rate process. It can also signal to the right people that you're the wrong person. Okay?

you don't need to do those kinds of things. If you're brand new to this channel and you haven't ever heard of my back-end selling systems, we have all kinds of strategies that can help wildly improve show rates that can ensure that you have a dramatically higher probability of getting people to consume the information that you otherwise would have wanted them to consume via the vssl prior to the call occurring. But it's very important to note just on a total side note on the front end people are generally in a scanner mode. They're not necessarily there to consume everything that there is to consume. They're generally going through it in a very efficient process, a very energyconservative oriented mode.

And all they're trying to conclude to is is this right for me? is this not right for me? soon as that conclusion is made, an action gets taken. They either leave or they start to fill out the application. Once they're on the back end and they've actually taken the action, that's where everything starts to improve a lot.

That's where the amount of information they're willing to consume actually occurs. That's where the commitment is to go out of their way and educate themselves and your ability to get them that information and how you get them that information. That's what we label as back-end selling systems. So, make sure you go consume those videos on my page and become educated and familiar with what those are. And also, just on a side note, we cover all of these things in much more depth than what we'll ever talk about here on youtube.

Because after all, youtube's all for free. All my paid programs are where the real sauce is. We have programs for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer. And we have programs for people that are trying to be a lot more educated on marketing, but without income qualifiers in order to buy the offer. To be clear, the inner circle program, twice a month, one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, an extensive course library that you get access to.

Unlimited access to ai jeremy to go back and forth with, trained on literally every single thing i've ever documented that we train on that every day. Every day. Things like this, things like my one-on-one calls, things like my consulting calls, things like my sops, things like my chat logs are uploaded into this and trained on it the following morning literally every single day that we document, which is pretty much every day. So anyway, unlimited access to ai jeremy. We also do quarterly in-person masterminds, huge benefit, the networking component of the masterminds, the value you get out of the masterminds, and also the telegram group where we have our community hosted, very active, very, very active.

Sometimes hard to keep up with how active it truly is. Where we also have our jeremy content finder bots where you can ask questions to get the specific material out of the course library that you need. You can one-on-one dm me in real time. That's like my flagship offer. That's my most well oriented offer.

That's that's my rich person offer. Okay? you join into that when you're rich trying to get a lot richer. There's a link for that down in the description. There's qualifiers that you must meet in order to join in.

Go apply. See if it's for you. On the other side of things, we got my master internet marketing program, a 7-week class that is extensive. Each class is hosted on a different topic and each class is typically three to five hours in length. We also have an extensive course library, jeremy ai access, and a very active community as well for that offer specifically.

You can actually preview the first week of the seven weeks down below in the link in the description. If you want to check that out, go ahead. Anyway, back to this. The application questions that you ask, they need to indicate to somebody that you're the right person and that you actually understand their circumstances while you're going through the information gathering process. You also must and this is very important understand the distinction between conditional logic multiple choice questions that are necessary to be there for the conditional logic and lead scoring and comparatively questions that are from the application that are more long form or short form oriented that are going to get higher intent people through these things all matter a lot.

Okay. In addition to the landing page stuff when i talk about sections on the page these are like well do you want to include testimonials on the front of the page or not? do you want to include testimonial sections, about us sections, sections that are from the vssl that you build out on the page because your play rate or your engagement rate on the vssl is low? all those sections can also wildly dictate show rates, believe it or not. Also, how framed people are and the need for the call.

Sometimes your demographic, as silly as this sounds, they're going to prefer to actually communicate to with you as soon as they come through the application, and they're not really going to want to wait until the scheduled call. We've seen that with a handful of offers that we've worked on over the years where people are less probable to show up on a zoom call as an example and they're much more probable to just answer their phone in real time as soon as you get the lead that comes in. So speed to lead matters a lot more. Bluecoll collar niches especially much more people have willingness to just talk on the phone because they're out and about rather than jumping on a zoom call at a desk. You know, comparatively the younger demographic, they're very used to booking zoom calls, showing up on zoom calls.

Builds a lot more trust when it's done that way. It's very demographic centric. But anyway, i digress. Point i'm trying to make is very simple. You have to understand, okay, the front end matters a lot.

Okay, everything above this when you look at it, this all wildly impacts show rate. But a lot of people don't put any attention onto the front end when they're trying to solve their show rate. They only put attention on the back end. And there's nothing wrong with that. The back end can absolutely improve it, which you're about to see here.

But the front end matters a lot, too. Don't discount that. So on the backend side of things, right after somebody books, we got the very first thing that they're going to interact with, and that's the confirmation page. So typically on our confirmation pages, we have the initial at the top headline that we want to make sure we optimize for. Okay?

sometimes people put stupid [ __ ] there. >> they're like, "stop. Don't leave. Watch the video below." >> terrible. Confirm what they just did and let them know you're excited to help them with whatever the outcome is.

From there, you want an urgency video. This urgency video gives believable reasons that somebody needs to show up, why they need to do it now, why they need to create a priority out of whatever the [ __ ] you want them to do. Below that, we typically put what we call breakout videos. And these breakout videos go through all kinds of great questions, information that you're going to present. But again, if you want information like that, you're going to need to go check out one of those links down in the descriptions and actually pay me because i'll show you some awesome [ __ ] that'll definitely help your show rate.

But here, all i'm going to tell you is the breakout videos are very simple. They're typically questions that people have prior to the calls. They're in some cases, like i give this one out very frequently online. Do a video where you showcase your refund rate, your dispute rate, and just show the overall quantity of people within your payment processor that have transacted with your business. How much more believable can it possibly get when you make a video like that?

and you make a bunch of other videos that are similar with the impact and level of trust that they're going to immediately create. That urgency video, by the way, is not to be undermined. It does a tremendous job at setting the initial tone. And a lot of people undermine the need to have reasons to do things. You don't just want to have a confirmation page that gives information.

You want to also give reasons, emotional reasons at that to actually do stuff. But they have to be very believable. You have a testimonial section in most instances. And then from there, you can even have just some written out faqs that are a little more easy to consume. In some instances, you have something that you might have there that's like a downloadable piece of material or a list to certain sales assets or trust assets that you might have put in a well organized place.

The confirmation page matters a lot. We typically see and i want to be very clear when i say this about a 17% average improvement in show rates just from a well optimized confirmation page. It is huge in terms of what it does. From there we have the emails that they typically interact with next. And in my world we have these things we call them valued dense emails.

The value dense emails are really easy to understand. It is actually valuable high frequency emails that get sent. We have some accounts that send up to six a day as an example. As crazy as that sounds, usually we don't start at six a day. Usually we start at about three a day.

And if the open rate does not diminish when we add a fourth, we'll add a fourth. If we add a fifth and that open rate doesn't diminish, we have a fifth. And if we add a sixth, and again the open rate in the sequence doesn't diminish, we'll add a sixth per day. But i can't stress this enough. If you send [ __ ] emails that are not valuable and things that the other person doesn't give a [ __ ] at all to know about, you're going to have a bad time.

You're going to have a terrible time. You're going to get a lot of people that say, >> "hey, why the [ __ ] you spamming me?" >> you're actually going to negatively impact your show rate from taking this action if the emails suck. Can't stress that enough. The value dense email sequences are one of those strategies that either works really well for you because you actually executed it successfully or it runs you into the ground. So, i want to be very fair in saying make sure you execute it successfully because if you do not, it's not worth taking.

But i want to be clear when i say this. The reminder-based email sequences on their own, they're very problematic because all they do is just remind people. They don't actually provide any value. A lot of people also think that when you create the value dense email sequences, you can just lead them to things that they need to click to go consume. You're going to have really low click-through rates in most instances when you run emails period.

The main thing you have to understand is the consumption occurs in the email itself. So, whatever you were going to have them click through to to go consume, i would have rather you just put it straight into the email itself. That would have made a much bigger difference to the probability of you actually getting that consumption on. From there, we have what's called the hammer them strategy. Now, the hammer them strategy, this is one of those content ad strategies.

This [ __ ] super hard. It's so awesome. Content ad strategies are very simple. I've pioneered these strategies over the last decade. Whether it's leading with content and then following with direct response, having direct response and then content, having direct response, a key action taken and then content like what the hammer them does and many more instances, content strategies are amazing at what they can do because all you're doing is an extremely cost-effective ways paying to distribute content that you want to have reach a specific target demographic.

So in this case, after somebody books a call, i want that person to go and consume a lot of content. We have entire videos on this channel dedicated to this exact ad strategy. We typically have 30 to 50 short form pieces of content and we generally have about 15 to 30 long form pieces of content. Picture a video just like this one that you're consuming right now being distributed to you after you've booked a call with my team about learning marketing from us. And imagine it's not just this one, but it's upwards of 30 long form videos like this and 30 to 50 short form pieces of content that help establish expertise, trust, answer questions, frame properly, handle objections before they ever come up and more.

The hammer them strategy is highly effective, but it requires you to really understand it to be able to use it successfully. You have to understand the content that's needed for it, and you also have to understand the technical side of things. How many people need to be a part of that specific audience you're targeting? the frequency, goals, and objectives of it. But again, i won't sit here and make this entire video about the hammer them strategy.

We already have entire videos on this channel dedicated to just that topic. So, go check those out. And the last thing are your sdr best practices, which are your setters. So, your setters or your closers, whichever one you want to have specifically execute this, this matters a lot as well. The preall communication from a real person makes a significant difference to show rates.

Here's the good news. Over the years, i'm going to give you an example of a strategy that's worked really well, but has never really been mass adopted due to the effort that's required. Every person typically biases towards energy conservation. From an evolutionary perspective, we all had limited calories in the past. We had to go out of our way and hunt and gather to get the calories that we were going to consume to then go expense.

Therefore, we all defaulted to a state of energy conservation. And over the years, obviously, in modern times, we have unlimited calories. Therefore, we have unlimited energy. Humans have not yet adapted to this idea and as a result most still bias towards extreme energy conservation. The moral of the story is when i give this specific tip to sales teams to go do they generally never execute it.

They never execute it because it takes that little bit of extra manual effort and instead what they try to do is automate it and it has such a low impact as a result which is a huge advantage for those who are actually going to go the extra mile that have great sales people that have the willingness to go do these kinds of things because again each one of these by itself whether it's the confirmation page whether it's the value dense email sequences the hammer them strategy or in this case the sdr best practices they all have such huge double-digit impact each okay so when you do all four of them you're just increasing your probability ility that much more that you get that double-digit impact on show rates in a positive direction. But anyway, i digress. Selfie videos, lead comes in, you have a presentable looking setter or closer that represents the company well, takes out their phone, shoots that lead that just booked a call onto their calendars, a quick video. This is their first real human interaction with your organization. You want to be well represented here and you just want to have that person express some enthusiasm, excitement and tailor some resources for that other individual to consume prior to the call.

That's the thing that the setters get the opportunity to do. They get the opportunity to look at the application data, say this specific set of resources would make the most sense to give to this individual prior to the call. And instead of this individual having to go and consume all the hammer them content, all the email sequences, every video that's on the confirmation page, they have a human that looked at their current situation and just said, "i know what this person needs. You need this, this, and this. Bang.

Here you go." that makes the most sense. Find a testimonial that's strikingly similar to that current person's circumstances. They can do that. All the marketing automation typically can't do that. I want to be very fair in saying there are some advanced strategies with these back-end selling systems that incorporate ai into it to help with application analysis and being able to add marketing automation that can contextually do this as well without having a setter do it.

But i can't stress it enough. It's so easy to just have the person do this stuff too. And it creates a more positive impact cuz we all appreciate when somebody goes out of their way to personalize an experience for us in a world that we're all just treated like a number for the most part. You know, very important to distinctively have that mindset in the closers or setters that take this action because it makes a big difference. So anyway, from a back-end selling perspective, this is everything that happens prior to the call and obviously you have the call itself.

So when you look at the call, okay, and you officially have the time of the conversation itself, you have to understand there's a few things that matter here, too. The time and the date, okay? so a lot of the time what people will do is they'll book calls during the workday. It's kind of like if you were working a nine-to-five and every business that you needed to go interact with was also a nineto-five business. How the [ __ ] are you ever going to get anything done?

you have a job during those hours. How are you going to go to the bank during those hours? how are you going to go, let's say every grocery store was only open from 9:00 to 5. When are you going to grocery shop? let's say every mechanic that could work on cars was only open from 9:00 to 5:00.

Let's say every business was just open between 9:00 and 5:00 and you also had to work between 9:00 and 5:00. There's a much higher probability you're not going to be able to accomplish things that you need to get done in that example. Those are need to get done things, let alone the auxiliary things like whatever the [ __ ] you're trying to sell to people that you also want to have worked into that type of schedule. So, your closers are typically going to want to bias towards like standard working hours. Okay?

in reality, and this is very interesting to point out, we typically see much higher show rates during off business hour times, whether that be later into the evening or earlier in the day. There are substantially higher show rates that occur during those specific times. By the way, i peppered that in at this point in the video specifically just to reward you for making it this far. So, congratulations for having the attention span to make it this long into the video. It's a pleasure to have you here with us.

Anyway, the offtime hours make a substantial difference to positive impacts on the show. So, when you look at those mid times of day, it's not like we don't want to load up the calendars during those times, but that's where we really have to make sure that we've made a priority out of this compared to everything else they can go do. That's why the urgency matters. That's why the real highly believable reasons to do this now instead of just being able to chalk it up as something i could do anytime later. That's why that kind of stuff matters to get established prior to the call time itself because the majority of your calls as i'm sure you're aware of happen during those peak times where everybody's got a bunch of other [ __ ] to go do like work and accomplish actual high priority things.

You get what i'm saying? that also wildly affects show rate. You can do everything above the exact way i just articulated. And if you schedule everybody on specific days and times that just aren't good days and times to talk, you're going to have a bad time. That's going to be a huge bias.

It's going to be something that wildly impacts how many people are probable to show up. And by the way, need i not stress at this point that every single thing i've just said, i framed it around the call funnels itself. This is all wildly applicable for webinar show rates as well. Whether it be the ads and all those lessons of the ads, the landing pages, and the front-end side of things, every single back-end sales system that we just talked about applies to webinar show rates as well. And the actual call or the webinar start date and time again also coincide directly with each other and all these best practices.

So again, can't stress enough if you're currently struggling with your show rate, this is essentially the ultimate checklist to go through. You do each one of these things and you ensure that you're following the best practices of them. The only real thing that you'd have to look at besides that is whether you executed it successfully and the right way, which could take a second opinion, you know, a second set of eyes to look at it and help be the judge as to whether you're doing [ __ ] in a super dumb way and you executed it, but you didn't do it right, or whether you technically executed it right, and you might have more of an offer problem. If you do all these things right and you get a bunch of people that also agree like, "yeah, i mean, no, this looks like it moved me into a state of priority," you might just have a shitty offer, which is also something to consider. You could do all the right things, but if you've just got something that people don't really actually want, they're also going to have a bad time.

So, anyway, this video is meant to be more of a mastery video on what show rate improvement checklist should look like and what you need to go through step by step just from the very beginning when you're already trying to set yourself up for a great show rate. But if you're struggling with show rate, walk through these steps, see what you come up with, and of course, check those links down in the description if you want all of the resources, sops, training videos that are far more extensive than what we'll ever cover here on youtube. Would love to help you out further with that stuff. There's also plenty of other videos as i mentioned on my channel dedicated in depth to pretty much every one of these steps whether it be landing page best practices, ad and messaging best practices. All the backend selling systems have their own videos independently and generalized larger videos where i go through the entire system at a whole.

We even have best practices for vssls on this page. There's a tremendous amount of resources made available to you here completely free on youtube. So enjoy them. Thank you for being here and go get rich. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The BEST Ad Creative Testing Strategy For 2026 (Post-Andromeda)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKOHsR9nVEM
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

Testing your way to greatness in 2026 and beyond. This is the current set of best practices that are working right now as it relates to meta andromeda, what you're going to do on the platform. At the end of the day, all the old school best practices are obviously invalidated as a result of meta andromeda existing. So, we have to update how we test and we have to update our ideologies and our beliefs about when testing is most appropriate and when it doesn't make any sense at all and is technically going to [ __ ] you. And you also have to just understand campaign structure in general.

This relates in its entirety to what we talk about as a central focal point on this channel, which is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, we just sit here hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that. What i'm talking to you about tactically today are from the lessons that we use consistently in my marketing agency where we spend a fuckload of money month in and month out very profitably for the deals that we do that we have net profit shares on. These are also lessons that we hand down to our jeremy and our circle members, our master internet marketing students. We consistently see incredible results across the board across many different business types, mainly high ticket product and service-based businesses.

So, if you're new to the channel, welcome in. It's a pleasure to have you with us. Just quick earnings disclaimer. I have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have literally any probability to go out there and make money. I am not saying in any way, shape, or form that you are going to make a million dollars a month or let alone a couple million bucks a month.

I don't know if you can turn money into more money. And the odds are extremely low. There is a 0.1% probability according to the us bureau of labor statistics that you ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever crack million-dollar months or the even smaller quantity than that that would ever crack a couple million bucks a month. So again, there's no earnings claims. There's no income potential here.

I'm just sitting here handing down lessons from people that have been there, done that, talking to you from a scaled perspective. Ideally, you're already sitting here doing a couple hundred grand a month or you already surpassed a million a month and are looking to get there for the first time or the next time. So very excited to help you out in this video. Without further ado, let's dive in. The first thing that we have to talk about is campaign structure.

Okay, so the way that we're currently testing is very different compared to how we used to test. So here's how our actual structures work nowadays. We typically run with two campaign types. And i want to be clear, the second type of campaign type, when we look at warm audiences specifically, we'll barely run traffic to those unless there's a warm audience that's sizable enough to actually make it worth spending some dollars on. You can always run it, but it's going to be a very lowbudget campaign.

And we like to obviously do things at scale. There's three adsets within this cold campaign. We have broad, we have an interest stack, and then we have a lookalike stack. Okay? by stack, i mean we'll take a fuckload of, as an example, the interest stack, interests, behaviors, demographic traits.

We'll load them all up into one giant ad set. We will not separate them out. Again, targeting is controlled by messaging. Nowadays, targeting is rarely controlled on the adset level like it's historically done. That's an example of an archaic outdated belief.

Messaging controls targeting nowadays. So again, we throw all these into one big old ad set because the broader usually the better nowadays. Lookalike stack is the same way. I generally create a bunch of 1% lookalike audiences based on things like highest value customers, customers, leads that showed up to calls, qualified calls that booked in. There's four examples for you in addition to whatever else you may also find valuable.

Point i'm trying to make is we just create a big old stack. These three ad sets then all contain the exact same ads when you go down to the adset level. So on the ad set level, i usually launch with about 25 to 30 unique ads. If you have not yet done so, i have an incredible training on my channel here dedicated to all the meta andromeda best practices, how it works, some messaging best practices as it relates to it. We've gone in depth on this on this channel many times over.

And by the way, this started rolling out in november and december of 2024. They were isolated testing it. April of 2025, they started rolling it out to a handful of accounts. By july of 2025, it was ripping across about half the accounts and you're watching this right now, like this [ __ ] with an extremely high degree of certainty has already been rolled out on your account. And if you're not updated to this set of best practices, you're getting absolutely [ __ ] cooked.

Okay, but i digress. I won't make this whole video about all the specifics on andromeda. I'm trying to keep it centric to creative testing. You can go watch those other two videos if you want more in-depth information, education, and frame on how andromeda works from a deeper perspective, and i'll cover it here with you. Back to my point, following the andromeda best practices, we need messaging diversification.

So, we will create 25 to 30 individual reasons that somebody should go and convert on our offer. And we will put those into individual ads. That's right. We will not take a different hook and attach it to the same body and cta. We will literally film 25 to 30 total unique through and through creatives with very specific reasons to go and convert.

This is a very important best practice as it relates to andromeda. Okay. Now, onward and upward. Besides the 25 to 30 unique video and/or image ads, we'll also typically do five pieces of body copy and we'll do five headlines. One thing for all my extremely detailed folks that are tweaking out that i didn't already say it is these are the same five headlines and the same five pieces of body copy for every single one of these 25 to 30 ads.

They're written in a way where they're broad enough to have applicability across the board. Okay? we don't want to have to go and write five headlines and five pieces of body copy for every single individual ad that exists. That would be exhausting. Long story short, we also typically find that about one to three of these ads are going to get all the reach and all the distribution.

And so this is the next most important part that you have to understand in terms of an outdated belief. And that outdated belief i've seen really [ __ ] people in the modern scape with andromeda. Here's what people with the outdated belief think and how they behave subsequently from holding on to that view. Outdated belief is every creative deserves distribution. It doesn't.

Okay? you're going to feel like it's wasted effort when you go launch 25 to 30 ads and one to three of them get all the reach. Okay? that means, just to put it in perspective, let's say that we launch with 30. That means that we are going to have 27 to 29 with little to no reach.

Like they'll have spent pennies, maybe if you're lucky, dollars. And you're going to be like, >> "well, look at the [ __ ] videos. They didn't get any reach." like they they no, this is terrible. >> and you're going to get [ __ ] as a result of that belief. Because here's what you're probably going to do next.

What you're probably going to do next is instead of running this simplified structure because they still give a deep [ __ ] about account simplification in case you didn't know. You're going to go and over complicate your ad account, you're going to create an insane level, an insane level of audience overlap. Okay? and you're also going to try to distribute creatives that the trillion dollar company doesn't think should be distributed against the ones that are more probable to convert and get you the outcomes that you're optimizing your campaigns for. So, what you're going to do is you're going to take one ad set, you're going to put one ad in it, and you're going to duplicate that ad set [ __ ] 25 to 30 times over, and you're going to put one unique ad per ad set.

That way, those ads can all get reach and distribution. That's what you're going to do if you hold on to that archaic belief. And i want to be fair and saying, are there instances where that can still work? yeah. If that starts to work better than what i'm currently saying, will i abandon what i'm currently saying and start doing that instead?

yeah. Cuz guess what? i don't give a [ __ ] about being right. I give a [ __ ] about making money. Here's what i've seen.

Because you have to also understand i mentor literally thousands of people, hundreds intimately and hands-on work with about a dozen different deals at a given time in our marketing agency. And we actively unlike you, test against what we think is the right thing to do to prove ourselves right in reality rather than just in theory. The structure that i'm telling you here with these three adsets inside the cold campaign optimized for [ __ ] by the way, we'll do [ __ ] for our budgets rather than cbo. That way we can control distribution amongst the adsets a little bit. We'll go down on the ad level.

One more little pro tip and we'll make sure none of that stupid [ __ ] when it comes to the ai advantage creative stuff is turned on. No site links. No site links. None of the little [ __ ] talk. The only one that i like right now to be fair with the ai creative [ __ ] advantage stuff that they're pushing is the one that highlights a positive comment.

I do like that one. All the other ones can get [ __ ] you got to make sure all those are turned off. This specific structure of those three adsets, broad, interest, lookalike stack, the same 25 to 30 unique ads, same five pieces of headlines and body copy paired with each one of those, it just absolutely rips right now. And every time that i get somebody who joins into one of my programs where i intimately mentor them, like my jeremy's inner circle offer, links down in the description if you want to check that out, i see inside of their ad accounts and i'm like, "what the [ __ ] are you doing this for?" they share that archaic belief that, well, a bunch of my ads weren't getting reach and distribution. You know, i followed what you were talking about about loading up 25 to 30, but you know, 27 to 29 of them didn't get reach.

And i i felt like how could they be determined a loser if they didn't get any reach? and again, i totally agree with that logic. I don't disagree that that's a logical thought. I'm just telling you that this structure just [ __ ] beats the [ __ ] out of that other structure where you duplicate an ad set bunch of times over and put one ad in it. It's very important that you understand that because what you think you're doing is you think you're doing creative testing.

When you duplicate out that single ad set a bunch of times over and you put one ad inside of each ads set in order for that ad to get all the distribution. First of all, you're getting artificially inflated costs. That's one thing to really consider. That's what we find time and time again when we test. We just get an artificially inflated cost compared to what this structure would produce.

And on top of that, this is the most important thing to understand. We still do creative testing. It's just a little different. Okay, so let me get back to that point. When we have this structure right here that works, okay, here's what we start to do.

We will have an ad set and out of the 25 to 30 ads again 1 to three will be determined as winners. Okay? and when we get this combination of winners right here, we will start to scale it. Okay? which most of you never really do.

You get stuck in testing your way to poverty. My goal is to test my way out of testing and get to the point where i can scale the [ __ ] out of something. So we start to scale. Okay? as we scale and time has passed, usually we hit a ceiling.

Okay? and with that ceiling, there's just a hard limit where we don't get the opportunity to spend above it. Every single dollar that we spend above that ceiling, the cost per result climbs, the result volume drops. And so what we do is is we decrease the spend. We push it right back down to that ceiling.

The ceiling becomes the key. We then convert this into what we call a foundational campaign. Or if you're running [ __ ] it'd be a foundational ad set. Okay? now, watch this.

Let's use the example that that ad set was one of the three, like my broad, my lookalike stack, my interest stack. I'm at that point when i've hit the ceiling and i've scaled the [ __ ] out of that ad set and i've got my one to three winners within that ad set. I'm going to duplicate it. Okay, so what i do, okay, this is the if this then that logic. Okay, so if this happens, okay, then i duplicate the ad set.

Okay, and when i duplicate the ad set, what i end up getting is a new ad set that has the same targeting. Okay, and on the ad level, i have those 25 to 30 ads. Keep in mind, a majority of which did not distribute. Okay? so, for the ones that got no reach, those are the ones that we're absolutely going to keep inside of that newly duplicated ad set.

The one to three that did get reach, we're going to pull those out. Okay? so, again, we're going to take these, we're going to get rid of them. And ideally, what we're going to do is we're going to add one to three new ones, too. Okay?

and with those new ones, now we're back up. We're fully calibrated again with 25 to 30 ads. We have one to three new ones in there that replaced our winners. And we have all these other ones that didn't get any reach and distribution. Okay.

This then goes back to a test budget. Okay. So, whatever you determine your test budgets to be, that realistically be where you'd want to put this. Okay. Now, inside of this newly duplicated adset, yes, it's okay that it's in the same campaign.

You then repeat the process. So, we get to the point where we then see the exact same thing. Okay. So, we'll have one to three new winners. Okay?

and out of those one to three new winners, if we like who's coming in from them, if we agree that the types of people that are now coming in as a result of those one to three specific ads getting all the reach, if we like that type of person, we're going to then start to scale it. Okay? now, this is very important because i'm going to lead you to another set of if this then that logic. If we launch an ad set and the one to three winners within that ad set sucked, okay? meaning they're technically working like they're bringing in the result you want.

They're technically bringing in a cost per result that might be favorable, but you go listen to the calls or you see who shows up to your webinars or you just look at the leads in general and you hear the feedback from your sales team and they're saying like, "no, these people suck that are coming in." if they suck, okay, and you don't like who's coming in from it, then you duplicate this. You remove the one to three that are getting the reach. You now call those, even though they technically won, you call those losers. You try to stay away from that types of messaging. And you do that process all over again where you now have a newly duplicated adset.

You're going to kill the loser that you just duplicated from in that example because it lost and it has one to three losers running. We don't want to put budget towards losers. And then what we're going to see as a result of this is we're going to add again one to three new ads. We're going to get to the point where we start to see some victory again. Okay?

and we repeat this process. It's just a if this then that scenario. This is how we currently scale. This is how we currently create a test. A lot of you guys tweak the [ __ ] out.

Just to address a few key beliefs real quick so you guys can thoroughly understand this and like really get to the point where you're making some serious money with paid ads nowadays in this postandromeda world like you if you are the type of person that just wants to see every single ad get distribution and reach because the logic behind it is i want to see which one actually wins you don't end up actually getting anything other than just an inflated cost per result that's all you actually get from doing that you're also [ __ ] tweaking out because you're like oh my god i have ads that aren't being used that i spent time filming it's like there's literally no problem with that at all. We think that that's a great thing, not a bad thing. We want to have ads on the side. So, when ad fatigue occurs, we can relaunch that ad set and we can overcome it. When we have an ad set that has some losers in it and we don't like who's coming in from it and we need to duplicate it and launch some new ads, we'd obviously want to have some ads laying around on the side so we don't have to go and film and start over again.

You know, the craziest part to me, whether it's a jeremy's inner circle member, whether it's a master internet marketing student, it's never with clients because we'll have them, we'll be on their ass about filming and we'll be on their ass about getting us those videos and then we'll edit those videos for them. But to be clear, it's like the speed in which some of you guys take to just film new ads and then edit those ads is unfucking believably intolerable to me. You guys take forever. Okay? and if that's you sitting here watching this, that's all the more reason you would constantly want to have ads on the side.

Even if it takes you only 24 to 48 hours to film ads and turn them around, why would you still justify a wasted 24 to 48 hours? you would always want to have ads on the side just chilling, waiting for launches. Okay, so this specific structure when it comes to testing your way to greatness, this is how it works literally right now while i'm sitting here telling you this. And i just want to be very direct in telling you this too. There's a lot more to this that i don't share here on youtube, okay?

i share the real sauce inside of all my paid programs, which you can check out links for down in the description. We have jeremy's inner circle, which is for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. Twice a month, one-on-one calls. If you're in the full jeremy's inner circle, four times a year, we do masterminds here in person in good old miami, florida. You're welcome to come to those.

If you're in full jeremy's inner circle, we have the weekly group calls. We have a big old library for of all the historical weekly group calls on all the historical masterminds. We have unlimited access to jeremy ai, a massive sop library full of 35 plus sops. There's a really active community and telegram chat. There's a lot of other stuff that comes with it, too.

Check out the link down below. And there's a wellcreated video there that by the way starts off with the price straight away. So you can see a great example of vssl's too if you go check that out. And regardless whether that program is for you or not, i would encourage you go check out the master internet marketing program, a 7-week live class, one-time transactional cost, lifetime access to the program. Every year we go back and we update all the material.

We look forward to helping you through one or the other. And whether you're going to do that or not and just check out more of my videos on my channel. Thank you so much for being here. We deeply appreciate it. By the way, one last thing.

Came out with a new vlog channel. It's jeremy haynes vlogs. I'm doing more get to know me content on that channel. Whereas here on this main channel, i do all my talking head content with trainings just like this. So, go subscribe to that channel as well if you haven't checked it out already.

Thank you so much for being here. Go get richer.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The BIGGEST Illusion That F*cks You From Scaling Paid Ads
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk_ZihJyskY
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

There's an illusion that happens when you're scaling up that typically prevents you from scaling to a truly big level. Whether you're organic, just starting off with paid advertising, or even if you consider yourself like a paid advertising veteran to a degree, but you still haven't just scaled big yet. I want to be really clear when i say this. There's a big problem that happens a majority of the time where when you start scaling up, your rorowaz will start to creep down a little bit. And as a result of that, you will stop scaling.

And even more often, you'll pull back that spend to what it was. By pulling back, you'll see your rorowaz go back up. And you'll think to yourself, well, this is my pocket. This is where i have to stay. I don't get the opportunity to go bigger than this based on whatever you're currently doing.

And i want to be fair and saying there are several solutions that we'll talk about in this video cuz you might have something that's wrong. Something might be [ __ ] up that is actually lowering your rorowaz. But here's what's interesting. That's a minority of the time that something is just [ __ ] up and preventing rorowaz and growth as you scale. What happens a majority of the time?

it's called the trough of scaling. As you push up to a higher level of daily spend, you typically start to reveal what the true rorowaz is. And in this video, we'll talk about how to push through that trough and what's on the other side of it. You have to be able to do the math to justify that even with a lower rorowaz, a higher amount of spend going out per day can still make you far more money once you find what true baseline rorowaz is. There's a lot that we're going to uncover in this video.

If this sounds applicable to you, make sure you pay close attention because this will be a banger. If you're new to the channel, welcome in. My name is jeremy haynes. All we talk about around here is scaling up to million-dollar months and then tacking on the next million a month after. So whether you're hitting your first mill a month or whether you're trying to tack on the next millie, you're in the right place.

We don't make any income claims, though. Everything that we sit here and talk about is just lessons, education, and entertainment purposes. Things from clients that have been there, done that that we're handing down to you in these bite-sized pieces of content here on youtube. Again, along the same lines of there's no income claims, no earning potential. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have literally any probability to go out there and make money.

Ideally, you're sitting here and making a couple hundred grand a month already, or again, you're already at that million a month trying to tack on the next million. You're in the right place if that's you. If not, this channel's not really built for people who are at smaller levels than that. Okay? you might be able to learn some lessons by watching, but just keep in mind who i'm actually sitting here talking to.

If you are already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's get started. Huh? okay.

So, this illusion, right, we call it the trough of scaling. Here's how it looks. This trough occurs to almost everybody. Like, it happens a majority of the time. It looks like this.

Okay, your rorowaz is at a stable level and then you scale your daily spend and your rorowaz starts to go down and then as a result of that you end up thinking to yourself, "oh my goodness, >> i am getting a lower rorowaz as i scale. I must be doing something wrong." >> okay? and i want to be fair and saying just to be clear, yes, there might be some things and we'll talk about those things as we do in pretty much every video on this channel about what things could be going wrong and how you could improve those. But what i want to start with is that this illusion is that the trough and the number goes down forever. Okay?

so if we truly chart this out and we look at it for what it is, our rorowaz being plotted on this chart and the lower axis being time. Okay? so as we're at a smaller level of daily spend, we see whatever rorowaz we see and then as we start to push up our daily spend, our rorowaz might start to go down a little bit. The illusion is is that it just continues to push down forever. It does not.

And that's where the illusion lies. You have to understand that there is a floor to the rorowaz where it's probable to hold as you reach higher and higher and higher and higher and higher perpetual daily levels of ad spend. Okay, when you first you have to understand how the system works here with the ad channels. Okay, think about if you coded the ads manager for whatever your preferred channel is most probable to be facebook and instagram otherwise known as meta. Now in addition to that, you might be running on google ads.

You may be on tik tok. Some of you are even potentially on linkedin. Okay, if you coded the ad channel, i mean, you literally created it. You hired a fleet of developers, your goal and intention is extremely clear. Make as much money as you possibly [ __ ] can.

However, you have to be able to activate a customer just like any other business that exists. So, when somebody comes on as an advertiser for the apparent first time of them advertising, what would you want to have coded into the platform itself to be probable to occur? you would want them to get as high of a result as possible, as fast of a result as possible, and ideally, especially when they're first starting, a consistent result. Okay? now, most people when they first start advertising, they don't even have the ability to spend a fuckload of money on the paid ads because those ad channels also limit how much you're able to put out in ad spend.

Okay? it could be a $50 a day limit. It could be a couple hundred a day limit. It might even be a few low thousands of dollars per day in a limit. But if it's a brand new ad account, a brand new business manager, okay, and you go to start running ads, it's probable to be somewhere in the range of like $50 a day to all the way up to maybe 250 a day.

And that is because that's where they see from a data-driven perspective, all the accounts that they sit there and manage when people first start, that's the typical range that most small businesses start with. And considering that small businesses are the dominating customer type for these ad channels, they build it around those types of companies. So when you first start, what's most probable to occur is that you are going to get great results. They're going to be a low cost per result. And because of your daily spend, you're also naturally going to bias towards a cheaper cost per result.

And ideally, you make great money off of the types of people who, by the way, when you first launch an ad, even if it's a brand new pixel, they do their absolute best to try to put you in front of the people that are most probable to convert. And so you have a really high set of probabilities in your favor, especially when you first launch. To get positive results, to get to the point where you have the greatest rorowaz that you're likely ever going to experience. I get people all the time that are like, >> "oh, dude, i was spending $100 a day, 3k a month on paid ads. I had a [ __ ] 20 to1 rorowaz and then i tried to scale up to 10k and my rorowaz went down to like six or seven." so, i pulled it back to 3k and my rorowaz went right back up.

I have people all the time too that are at much higher levels of spend that experience the same exact thing where they have a large inmarket demographic which we'll talk about here shortly. We've talked about it many times over comes from a great book called the ultimate selling machine by chad holmes. And this visual, again, if you're a repeat viewer on this channel, you know that we love this lesson from mr. Chet holmes. And the way that he articulates it is just a tad bit different than me in terms of the numbers that he applies to each one of these layers.

But we agree on this first one specifically which we call the inmarket demographic. Okay? and inmarket demographics usually this is about 3 to 4% of a given market. Now i'm going to just put this in perspective real quick. Okay.

Inmarket customers are the most probable people to buy comparatively to anybody else that exists out of the rest of the customers that we could probably sell to. Okay? and as we scale we are reaching technically colder and colder and less probable people to convert as we spend more and more money. Once we get out of that in-market audience, we reach this next demographic which can be upwards of 30% of an entire market. This specific layer is what we call needs convinced.

Now, this specific category, very important to note, the rorowaz as you work your way up this ladder technically drops a bit. Okay, so as we get to this point where our rorowaz is at the highest that it's possibly going to be. Okay, down here in the inmarket demographic, this is where we're probable to make the most money. Once we get to needs convinced, like we drop on the probable rorowaz that we're able to produce. Okay.

And here's the thing. When you get to these broader categories, you have in that third layer what we call mass market. Mass market are people who don't even identify as customers. These people don't even have any inclination towards buying whatever it is that you have. Not only do they need convince, they in a purest way possible of articulating it, don't even have a inkling inside of them saying, "i need to buy that guy's stuff." okay?

and then you have people who aren't even probable to buy. These are just non-c customers. These are people who will truly never convert no matter how much money you throw at them. Now, as you reach colder and colder demographics, you are more probable to have to spend more money in order to convert them, which naturally means you're going to have a lower rorowaz. Okay?

so, back to the point i'm attempting to make. When you look at big niches, like i'll give you an example of a few. If you look at the sales demographic, if you look at anything related to like stocks, if you look at real estate as an example of another big one, if you look at the health and wellness category as another massive one, the total market addresses how many people are going to be in that 3 to 4% in market demographic, aka it directly impacts your probability to stay at an extremely high rorowaz over a long duration of time. And certain markets are so small. So, i had a guy, he recently did some paint work, and this guy's an incredible painter, and he decided at one point he wanted to run some facebook and instagram ads.

He threw $10 a day at the platform, okay? and he got all the way up to about 20 bucks a day at one point. And this guy, as small of an advertiser as he was, he has a really, really specific geographic area that he's targeting. He's targeting miami, florida. He's not even going all the way up to fort lauderdale or other parts of south florida, as far up as west palm or boca raton, etc.

Literally, just miami. Okay? and this guy, he doesn't even want to travel to west miami. It's more so pretty much everything close to the water down here. Not only that, he's targeting people who are commercial business owners, commercial tenants, residential homes, the big buildings that you see down here.

He's just looking for people that he can paint for. Okay? and this is traditional like, you know, painting the floor like with this little hazard sign we have down here. Painting our fence outside, like doing some prime and prep work on some walls that we had stuckcoed over. We have a big mural on the external part of our facility for our two front-facing street walls.

He primed and painted that with a base layer before the muralist came in. Those are the kind of jobs this guy's doing. Okay? and i'm paying him like at most couple grand for each one of these jobs. Think like maybe high couple hundred dollars all the way down to like maybe 4ishk.

Okay. Now, this guy's specific demographic. Truly think of how tiny that little inmarket customer demographic is. In market in this case meaning, hey, i need paint work right now. I want somebody to come over here and paint for us.

I'm a customer who actively identifies as i'm looking for a painter to come over and do professional high-quality work. Okay, that inmarket demographic relative to that specific geographic restriction and in addition to that, relative to the fact that he's looking for a certain price per job is going to shrink that market down to without exaggeration, really think about it, probably dozens of people in that specific market at a given time, right? well, his ads, even at a measly $10 a day or $20 a day, are at the least going to reach hundreds of people per day. So, right away, he has the highest probability when he first launches to clear out the inmarket demographic. And then right after all those people are cleared out, he's naturally going to start reaching into the needs convinced demographic, which are people who, you know, they they have something that they could justify needs painted, but they're not thinking about it at all.

They're not looking for it right now. If you showed them something and justified like why something would need painted, maybe then they'd say, "yeah, that makes sense. Like, i'll hit this guy up." you know, but again, they need convinced. They're colder. They're not like actively as raising their hand and saying like, "come do my do my paint job." you understand?

so anyway, back to my point. This guy when he first launches, he's getting super cheap cost per lead. It's like $2 per lead for inmarket customers. People ringing on the phones in his lead form that he ran on facebook just ready to buy, have the problem. And then he goes and he's excited and he starts to scale.

He goes to 20 bucks a day instead of 10 bucks a day. Same thing. He stays in that same pocket and his cost per lead went up like a negligible amount. It's like maybe $3, $5 per lead now. Okay?

so, a little more than it was, which by the way is already a 100% increase from $2. Okay? and then as time continues to pass, right, he goes from $20 a day and he tries to kick it up further to 50 bucks a day. Okay. Now, over the course of a week, he's reaching thousands of people.

And out of those thousands of people, you could technically justify not only has he already exceeded the quantity that would be probable in that needs convinced demographic. He's also likely reaching some people in the broader market of mass market, right? where those people need convinced entirely. They're not even thinking to themselves, oh, i need a pay job. If i saw the opportunity to do it, i'd consider it.

They fully need convinced on why they would even consider this, why they would think about it, why they would do it. Those kind of people. Okay, his cost per lead creeps all the way up to about $17 per lead. Okay, now he's using comparison bias in this example and he's using this trough that we talked about where yes, like technically at $2 a lead and the level of deal that he was getting from those leads, he's making [ __ ] buku bucks, dude. The guy's clearing hand over fist on this little 10 bucks, 20 bucks a day that this guy's spending.

And because he's making a lot of money off of it, again, he looks at his rorowaz for what it is, he thinks that's what's going to hold forever. That's the illusion at such a baby level of money. If you start tying all these lessons i'm sitting here telling you together, you can clearly see how this would prevent scale easily because he's going to operate off the illusion of comparison bias in this example. As he scales up 50 bucks a day, 100 bucks a day, and he sees his cost per lead go to $17. What he failed to do was just realize he's still making money handover fist.

The guy's still absolutely clearing cash. Okay, he's making a fuckload of money still off of that little bit of daily money that he was putting out on ad spend. But comparison bias held him back in that example. In reality, think of it like this. If he would have gotten to the point where he spent a,000 a day, $5,000 a day, $10,000 a day.

Dude, this guy would have a [ __ ] painting empire. He'd be able to expand to every [ __ ] florida market and then all throughout the south and then potentially all across the literal united states if he could have just continued the scaling game. But instead, in that particular case, comparison bias held the man back. Okay. Now, here's the point i'm attempting to make.

When you initially experienced the trough, when you initially have this specific period of time where you have a rorowaz that held, you started to spend more money and you saw it drop. That is the number one period of time when somebody says, "nope, something must be wrong. I got to dial this back. I got to pull this back. Okay, let's reel it back in." in comparison, again, just to be clear, if he would have in that painting example, continued to spend more money, it's very obvious to everybody who can do some basic [ __ ] math as they sit here and watch this video that that man, if he would have gotten to the point where he could spend a,000 a day, 2,000 a day, 5,000 a day, and maintained even like a $50 cost per lead that entire time, again, making money hand over fist with those analytics if he would have put that into a financial model.

But he decided instead to cut it off completely because he used comparison bias and the trough took advantage of him. Right? and this happens so many times over. It happens in info product businesses, service-based businesses, product based businesses, anything high ticket especially. This happens all the time.

Okay? and i want to be fair in saying like yes, sometimes as you scale your rorowaz is going to fall from other variables that you absolutely can influence and fix to raise your rorowaz back up again. Like yeah, your cost per call might have gone up not because you changed from inmarket demographics to needs convinced. It might have just gone up because meta released a new algorithm called andromeda recently that you have no idea about and that you're not following the best practices of even if you are aware of it. You might have something as simple as your page rate, your opt-in rate, your total conversion rate, your show rate, like some specific statistic and your funnel itself has [ __ ] the bed and you've just failed to do a bottleneck analysis.

Identify which key step in your advertising and sales process is contracted and placing the necessary attention on it and performing improvementoriented actions to open up that contraction and allow more people to come through to get more rorowaz right and the game here is is that you ideally can do both so many times over like this is the secondary part of what i want to talk to you about in today's video with this illusion of scaling is outside of the trough and their main thing that really takes advantage of people when they're trying to scale big or they think they want to scale big is the fact that they think it's a game of either or. Okay, when you're rich, life is not about either ors, my friend. You get to do boths when you're rich. Okay, your goal here is to be able to continue to spend a fuckload more money month over month over month to be able to make more money and have a team of people or have the knowhow yourself to be able to hold that team of people accountable or just do this simple [ __ ] yourself to improve rorowaz at the same time. You're actually less probable to experience the trough if you're aggressively attacking cro actions, conversion rate optimization, and any other improvementoriented action that can maintain the rise you're currently at.

Right? everybody has a desire to just set it and leave it alone and not touch it afterwards and think that everything's just going to maintain itself. And that's just not how things work. Okay? something is always probable to need improved.

Something's always probable to have to require attention to flow towards it to keep the statistic at the level that it's currently at. Very rarely can you truly just set something up, be completely handsoff with it, and not have to do literally anything to try to get the stat to go higher or at least maintain itself. Okay? so, as you go through this process, i want to make it really clear. If you're struggling with this and you want the accountability, you want the resources, you want the tools, you want all the information that you need.

First of all, if you don't want to spend any money, just go watch a fuckload of my other youtube videos. You'll see for yourself all the different solutions that are available to you to be able to improve your rorowaz based on wherever it is right now or even just start the process of paid advertising. But if you want to kick it up a notch and get the true power of what i can teach you, i withhold a tremendous amount on youtube. I make it valuable enough for you to go out there and use it and get some results with it. But i'm not one of those guys that puts literally every single thing that i know out there on youtube for free.

I withhold that stuff for my paid programs, which you can find links for down in the description. The inner circle program, jeremy's inner circle, that's for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. That's where i do one-on-one. That's where we do weekly group calls. That's where we do masterminds here at our facility in good old miami, florida.

That in addition to all of that fun stuff, comes with an extensive training library, access to jeremy ai, and plenty of other resources and tools, little ai softwares that we create to help make the implementation of all of what we teach faster and easier. We also have a huge sop library currently with a little over 30 plus sops. If you are not rich trying to get a fuckload richer and you just want to learn marketing in general or maybe you want to train your staff in a cost-effective way, my master internet marketing program is perfect for that. It's a 7-week class. You pay once, you get access to lifetime training of that program existing.

Every year we go back and we update the entire program. It's a seven-week class. We do it annually. You join in now if we're not in the middle of the live class. You get access to the most recent cohorts recording, which of course the most up-to-date information that exists.

As soon as there's a substantial amount of things that have changed, we go back and we update literally the entire course, which is typically on an annual basis. Phenomenal program and you can find a link down in the description for that. You can even find a link below to preview week one of that 7-week class so you can see for yourself how it is, whether you find it valuable or not, whether you like my teaching style inside of that program, and whether it's right for you. At the very least, subscribe to the channel, go check out some of my other videos here, and go get rich. Toxic.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The Best Way To Run Instagram DM Ads In 2026 (Nobody Teaches This)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyhO7kcyVWU
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

One of the best and absolute worst funnels you can possibly run are dm ads on instagram. They're phenomenal because yeah, there are guys out there that are cracking million-dollar months with them. I will be fair in saying that it's very scary to do. So, it can be very instable. It's easily manipulated, meaning you can pay people to just disable your ability to dm people.

You can break rules unknowingly or setters can break rules unknowingly that can just disable your ability to dm. It's a very like easy to rugpull kind of funnel it feels like from the instability that instagram fails to provide. But i'll tell you, i'll tell you, it can also be one of the worst [ __ ] funnels ever to run. For all those reasons and more, there are a lot of inconsistencies that happen when you run dm ads, okay? and here's how i want to encourage you to strengthen the performance of your dm ad campaigns.

But first, my name's jeremy haynes. If you're new to the channel, first of all, today i'm sick. I'm not normally this nasly, okay? but i'll tell you what, sickness ain't going to hold back me giving you some value and dropping some bangers here on youtube. Fevers can get fun.

Okay. Anyway, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, we just break down lessons from people who have been there, done that. I want to be extremely clear though. There are no income claims.

There is absolutely zero potential of you getting a [ __ ] dollar out of watching a youtube video. That's all this is, is information. I can in no way, shape, or form guarantee that you'll make literally any bit of money at all after watching a video like this. I just want to be extremely clear. All we're doing is handing down lessons from people who have been there, done that.

According to the us bureau of labor statistics, it's a.1% probability that you would ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability than that that you would ever hit million dollar months, cuz that would obviously be $12 million a year or a couple million bucks a month. Okay? you are no special snowflake. You are likely in those odds of people who would never [ __ ] stand a chance to do this. But nonetheless, these are some banger lessons, and i'm sure you're going to get something out of it.

So, let's see. Huh? okay. First of all, here are some of the flaws that we have to first expose so we can strengthen them. A lot of people misinterpret fear.

They don't understand its purpose. Okay? fear isn't something that should inhibit action. Fear is something that should encourage action. When we're fearful about something, it's an opportunity to strengthen a weak area.

Okay? by the way, check it out. We got the little wiener dogs here in the office today. Hey, beans. How about you guys be quiet?

huh? respect the people trying to learn about dm ads. All right. Don't be barking in the background. Okay.

Good beans. Okay. Anyway, we have to know what can cause fear. Though before it even causes the fear in our chest, we can just attack it and mitigate it from happening at all. So, some of the flaws that will cause fear.

Number one, pixel conditioning. Pixel conditioning is something that most of you are going to look at as a damn near impossibility when you're considering running dm ads or you are running dm ads. If you optimize around the standard message or whatever you're going to choose to use, you can do it under an engagement campaign or you can also do it under a lead campaign to just optimize around people literally sending a message to the page. Okay? and that's the standard event that you choose to use, you are going to have a bad time.

We have guys, there's really two things that control targeting. You got messaging and you got pixel conditioning. Okay, messaging is obviously who the ads are most probable to reach at first. And before that standard event results column there and your ads manager sees a [ __ ] lick of data. The messaging is what's most probable to control the targeting.

So you can have the classic who it's for and who it's not for messaging and rip some incredible well- aligned to your ideal demographic videos and/or images and you can appeal to those people and likely start getting them to pour in. But here's the issue, okay? and i'll tell you this point blank. This is a perfect example right here on this channel. I talk about million-dollar months.

Ideally, everybody watching this is at the lowest 100red grand a month. But let's be honest, how many of you are well below that that still watch this [ __ ] when you talk up here, everybody below that pays attention. So unfortunately, even though you're going to talk to the people that you're actually trying to talk to, there will always be a bunch of donkeys that watch anyway. Okay? and respectfully, by the way, to those of you that just aren't at that threshold yet and still watch anyway, good for you, men.

Hopefully, you're going to get way richer as time goes on, and i respect your willingness to grow, okay? but again, just to be extremely clear, i talk on this channel and i encourage risk takingaking on this channel relative to the fact that you're already doing a couple hundred grand a month. So, just kind of keep that in mind if you're a little smaller right now. Okay, back to talking to you, the big dog. You ready?

so, moral of the story, that standard event might initially start to get conditioned with the right types of people, but all it takes is one donkey to kick the door in and have your pixel condition and get [ __ ] on. And when that happens, there are a lot more donkeys out there than there are the right types of people. So, you're going to start moving in waves. You're going to experience this wave where you go through a pocket where you have the right people half the time and you have absolute [ __ ] rubbish coming through the other half the time. Okay?

and what's going to happen is at first that's all it'll be. There'll be good times and there'll be bad times. And to be honest with you, you might actually be able to endure and scale through that. That might actually be something that becomes ideally consistent because if that stays the same and that pattern holds, you'll be good. You can scale.

Your numbers will likely work out as long as your connection rates and booking rates and show rates to those calls, close rates and aov are good. But just to be clear, like that's actually a good scenario. Here's kind of the unfortunate thing. Okay, that average of everything above this line being good and everything below this line being trash. Unfortunately, how it usually works is is like initially you're up here and then you get a little bit down here and it kind of pulls back up and then it just perpetually goes down.

And you can do stuff like don't get me wrong, like you can reset a campaign and ideally have it go back to this initial pocket again. You can reset an ad set and you can ideally have it repeat, you know, kind of the first half of that pattern there. But here's the unfortunate thing is after enough conditioning happens, after enough pixel conditioning happens, it's not going to be good. What's going to end up happening is you're going to perpetually every time you relaunch the campaign just have a much higher probability to get donkeys. That's the big downside to optimizing around message when you're running dm ads.

Okay. Now, there's certain tricks that some people like to use. And unfortunately, a lot of the tricks, they disrespect this same exact lesson. Okay? and some of those tricks there are things like, well, instead of running a message optimized campaign, you can optimize around engagement and you can tell people to comment.

You can run follow campaigns. But again, they all have the same exact issues, the pixel conditioning problem. So, if you think in terms of a solution for the dm ads to become better and get more consistent, highqualified people to come through them, likely for a slightly higher cost, cuz that's the other big issue. Y'all operate with the most insane level of comparison bias i think i've ever witnessed. It's hilarious how y'all operate your businesses.

You'll have a bunch of [ __ ] turds in your results column, right? and when you go look at that, like, let's use the example, it's like 50 people converted and they technically sent you a dm. And then you'll look at your cost per result. Okay? and your cost per result, let's say it's like 10 bucks.

But here, out of that 50, let's say that only 10 out of 50 are actually qualified, right? and it's like, you may even know that number. You may even know how many are qualified versus the 40 that were [ __ ] unqualified. But you'll never just say to yourself, "well, that was my cost. That was my cost that i just spent." you see?

and so, here's how this ends up looking, right? it's like here you have a $10 cost per dm, but if only 10 of them were actually worth it, you actually had a $50 cost per qualified dm. And so all of a sudden, when i give you a little tip that's going to get you something in your results column that says 50 instead of 10, you're going to be like, >> "oh my god, jeremy, my cost is 50 bucks now." >> no, you [ __ ] [ __ ] it's been $50. This is the type of person you want, not the other 40. This is a hallucinated number.

This number is not real. Comparison bias will make you a [ __ ] idiot. Okay, it's a $50 cost per dm. And when that starts to show up exclusively in the results column, it'll say results 10 people, $50 cost per result. Just so we're extremely clear.

And that's going to be a good thing, not a bad thing. Okay? keep that in mind. Do not hallucinate and use comparison bias to allow your brain just think about what kind of simple [ __ ] person you truly got to be. What kind of [ __ ] village fool you got to be to be like, "oh no, >> i finally see my actual cost per result in the cost per result column and now i'm really scared of it.

Even though it's literally always been that way, but the scary number has been invisible and hidden." >> it's like a [ __ ] [ __ ] so, long story short, assuming you're not a [ __ ] [ __ ] and you're going to be able to overcome that, let's get this magical actual cost per qualified number to show up there. And instead of getting 50 people to report in with a terrible, terrible 40 of them, that's awful. That's 80% of the leads hitting the results column that are donkeys. That means that you have a much higher probability for that ai to go out and get more donkeys. Okay, so anyway, back to my point.

How can we get only the qualified people to report into the results column becomes the question and there's really two main ways. Okay, and i'm going to tell you, okay, i'm actually going to put you on game to both of these because i want to be extremely clear when i say this. Me giving you this information, i want to be very direct. I think dm ads are so [ __ ] scary, okay? in terms of you joining something like my inner circle program where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly inerson masterminds.

I got a massive [ __ ] course vault. I'll put you into 30 plus sops, unlimited jeremy ai access. And on top of that, a very active group chat full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. When i put you into something like that, you're going to hear me talk [ __ ] about dm ads all the time. And you're going to see it amongst the people in the group.

The guys who are in there that are running dm ads, they have the most instable businesses i've ever [ __ ] witnessed. It is insane the level of volatility that they endure. So me sitting here teaching you this stuff about dm ads. Like you can go do this [ __ ] and yeah, it's very probable to go get you some great results after you learn these two ways. But i'm going to tell you point blank, i wouldn't encourage you do any of this [ __ ] i'd encourage that you do something that's more stable, consistent, and predictable.

This is one of the scariest [ __ ] things you could ever do. But again, i'll make it a little more stable for you, and i'll put you on a true game. So here's the two ways. Number one is a little quizunnel. Usually a little quizunnel can have about one to two qualifiers.

Okay, we call this broky bait. So with brokie bait, all we're trying to i'm a broke baiter, dog. I'm i'm just tossing out the brokie bait. We want to put them in the lines, you know? we want to separate them out.

We do not want the qualified coming anywhere near the unqualified. And we do not want the unqualified coming any qualified, folks. We do not want those unqualified people touching that results column. So what we do is we go from an ad over to a very simple landing page. And by very simple, i mean this will literally have essentially just a question right here.

Okay? and it'll be question one and then it'll forward over to question two. And then as soon as question one and two get answered the right way, conditional logic is going to push them to a third page. And there's going to be a little button on this page. And this specific button is a little minihat button.

And that minihat button is going to prompt to go back onto ig into the dms. And it's going to have everything that you would normally have if you have them click right through from an ad. It's going to have the little button that prompts them with whatever the trigger word's going to be. Ideally, if you're again not a village fool, you're going to use a specific trigger word that's obviously specific to coming from this funnel. That way, you know it's from ads and not from organic, right?

don't be [ __ ] lazy. Okay. Anyway, and then from there, obviously, they're going to go through the standard dm funnel. They're going to have a convo with your setters or maybe you're a little more advanced. You got an ai tool, but i'm not going to put you on game to that kind of stuff here on on youtube for free.

You know, you got to pay me for that. So, then they have a convo. Obviously, you have a booked call. Hopefully, they show up for the call and you're running all the back-end selling systems that you need. Then, from there, they obviously close and then obviously you want your aov to be as high as humanly possible so you can make some real [ __ ] cheddar out of this.

Now, here's the most important part. Okay, you are going to add a little bit of a web pixel standard event that fires off right here. Now, you want to use one of the leadbased standard events. Okay, this would be something as an example like schedule. You can also use something like literally just lead.

You can use submit application. By the way, i can't even believe i'm going to give you this level of pro tip here on the channel, but i will. Okay, very important for you to remember this tip. Out of all the people that are available to target, let's say that you had a million people that you were trying to target. Okay, so you had a million person audience.

At a given time, there's only a certain threshold of each one of these that are available for you to actually get in front of given whatever standard event you've selected and optimized your campaign around. So, as an example, if you select lead, out of the million person audience, you're not going to reach 900,000 of them. You're only going to reach about 100,000 who are actually probable to convert before your frequency starts to get jacked up. Same thing over here with things like schedule. Could be a bigger audience, could be a smaller audience.

Ideally, what you do is is you add each one of these standard events to fire off when they hit that page after answering your broke bake questions. So, when they hit this page, the web pixel fires off. It fires off one of those specific lead standard events like lead schedule, submit application, something like that. That then fires off to the pixel that ideally, if these [ __ ] don't lie, is going to get you a much higher ratio. Think of it like this.

Are people going to lie? yeah. But if your ratio of donkeys to qualified leads when you just raw dog message-based objectives and optimization options is 80/20, meaning 80% of them are unqualified, 20% are qualified. Let's say that this is switched here where 80% are going to come through qualified and 20% are going to come through unqualified. What if the ratio is worse?

what if it's like 60% are qualified and 40% are unqualified to hit that results column? that still increases your probability dramatically that your ads are actually going to continue going after more of the right people instead of a bunch of donkeys like it has been using that messaging objective. Okay, so just to be clear, that's path number one. Okay, and this is really important you understand this because this is awesome. Path number two is essentially the exact same path as this, but instead of using the quiz funnel, you can optimize.

And this again, this is this is [ __ ] honestly pro levels of game. It's going to leave a few of you very trench level people. I'm going to leave you high and dry here and you're going to have to figure it out cuz again, this is youtube. I'm going to put you on game to how it works, but i'm not going to walk you through all the technicals of it. I save that kind of [ __ ] for the people who actually pay me money.

You can still go out there and get results with what i just talked about. You can do that with damn near every single video on my [ __ ] channel, dude. I'm unlike all these other donkeys you watch here on youtube, man. I put you guys on serious game cuz i want you to go out there and win. I want you to have some house money to be able to go and buy one of my programs that's down in the description.

I'm going to win you over. I'm going to win you over undoubtedly. But again, i'm not going to be able to teach you everything. I always am transparent. I hold back about 80 to 90% of what i know for the people who pay me.

It's just how it works. Okay. Anyway, let's create a separate little area for path number two here. Okay. So, path number two is very simple, but slightly different.

Okay. So, again, in path two, we take them from the ad. Now, we're going to just start right there. This is optimized for a lead campaign type. Okay.

And then on the ad set level, what we're going to do is we're also going to optimize around something like schedule because what do we actually want out of our dm ads, right? we don't just want people who dm us. We want qualified people who dm'd us, who booked calls. Okay? so in this one, again, the campaign type, we're selecting lead.

The ad set level, we're selecting schedule is what we're going to optimize around. Okay? and the ad itself, this is very important you understand this, the ad itself is going to call out dming the page. Okay? this is very technical and you might get lost in the sauce.

You may need to rewind this and watch it again. Okay, make sure you pay attention to this very closely. Okay, wake the [ __ ] up if you're kind of zoning out right now. You're going to have the ad click through to theuler page that you would have people that your dm setters are going to push people to. That's the link.

That's the destination url. So, this landing page that you're technically going to push people to is going to be the link with the scheduler that your dm setters are going to be sending people to. The ad itself is going to be so [ __ ] clear. You're going to make the ad itself, even though it's a it's a ad that has a destination url, the ad is going to say, "make sure you dm us this word." the whole ad is going to be centric around dming the business a certain word. Okay?

that's how the ad's going to be made. The trick here is, and this is a trick, us having the person with the ad there, have it click through to theuler page. When the person then goes and in a indirect way shoots a dm to the business, okay, the convo happens with the dm setter, the dm setter is then going to send them that same url. Okay? and when this person books the call, okay, and they're officially locked in, they go to a confirmation page.

And on that confirmation page, that's where we're going to have the schedule standard event fire off. And of course, we can use the conversion api as well right here. Now, what that's going to do, and this is really important you understand this, this specific spot here is where the web pixel is going to fire off. Okay? and as a result of that, that type of person is going to be who pushes back into that results column within the ads manager there.

And again, we're going to see what a cost per qualified call looks like in that results column. And for our cost per result, we're going to heavily bias the pixel conditioning here to go after people that are actually qualified and booking calls. And let me be clear, are we occasionally going to get an absolute [ __ ] idiot that hears an ad, sees an ad that says dm that still clicks the link and books anyway and might be unqualified? yeah. Yeah, you absolutely will.

But will it be a majority of the people like your [ __ ] messengerbased ads would have that are going to come through unqualified and stupid? no. No, it's not. It's going to be the same thing. All we're doing here in these two strategies is we're flipping the ratio.

So instead of allowing 80% of unqualified people to come through by optimizing around message or follow campaigns or engagement campaigns for that matter to try to get people to dm us and only getting 20% of people to come through that are qualified. We're going to flip that. We're going to try to get 80 plus or 70 plus% of people to come through qualified and only 20 to 30% to come through unqualified because you got to admit these other two ways have a much higher probability to mitigate the turds. We got to get the turds out of the punch bowl and we got to remove as many turds as we can out of the punch bowl to make the juice pure. You understand?

so anyway, just to be clear, there's a lot more detail and depth i could go into about both these, but i'm not ever going to do that for here on youtube at a zero cost. You got to pay me for that. And i'm telling you, i'll tell you time and time again until you inevitably do it, my friend. It'll be worth every [ __ ] dollar. I promise you that.

We get that feedback every damn time. They say, "holy [ __ ] you actually do hold back." wow, there's so much more in here. They get immediate value. You'd be super impressed. I'm not going to flex all the winds on you cuz i don't want to give you the impression that's going to happen to you.

It could take you months after joining into one of my products to get some kind of result. You may never get a result cuz guess what? i just give you information. You got to actually go out there and do something with it. But i'll tell you this point, blake.

The information that i give in my paid program is way much more in-depth than this. And we we have multiple consumables of all the things that i'm sitting here talking about. We have jeremy ai which you can discuss. And it's so funny sometimes people are like, "oh, dude, i got my version of jeremy ai. I just take all your youtube videos." yeah, [ __ ] you take all my youtube videos where i have 10 to 20% of the information that i otherwise say and you put it in like what?

poppy ai or some [ __ ] like that to [ __ ] try to talk to a version of me. And sure, that's cool. But you got 10% jeremy. You know, you got 10% jeremy. Imagine [ __ ] adderall jeremy with every single message dm, every single voice note, every single [ __ ] video course, every oneonone call.

You'll never see those. You'll never see every consulting call, every client call again. You'll never see those. You'll literally never see them ever. The only way that you ever talk to something like that that has that level of information, every message i've ever sent, dude, every single video, yes, like this, every sop, things you've never [ __ ] witnessed, dude.

All that's in our jeremy ai, okay? it's the 100% jeremy ai, not the little [ __ ] my little youtuber. Not like that, okay? in addition to that massive course vault, big old group chat full of people that are actively rich and trying to get a fuckload richer. It is it is all the accountability that you've been looking for and then some.

It's all the certainty you've been looking for and then some. It's the greatest [ __ ] thing you'll ever pull the trigger on. And whether it's jeremy's inner circle or whether it's my master internet marketing offer, go check those links down in the description. Both are absolute bangers and i will earn you in there one day. I promise you that.

But until then, go watch some of my other youtube videos. I've got some straight up bangers here and i would encourage that you go check a few of them out if you're not ready to pull the trigger on one of my paid programs yet. Look forward to winning you over one day. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. And of course, go get richer.

Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The EXACT System To Convert "Dead Leads" Into High-Ticket Sales
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBgKiEC_Afc
CATEGORY: Sales
============================================================

You got a problem. If you're only closing, let's say, 25% of the deals that come on your closer calendars, that means 75% of those [ __ ] are not closing and giving you some cash. That issue in itself is worth however much you can quantify it being worth. And in this video here today, i've got a tremendous solution for you. It's worked time and time again across all different kinds of high ticket product and service-based businesses that we've coached, mentored, and worked with hands-on over the years.

And i will talk in depth about it in this video here with you today. This is one of those lessons that helps crack millionoll months or tack on that next million a month, give or take where you're at while you're sitting here watching this video. Can't stress it enough though. We don't make any income claims around here. There are by no means any implied earning potential or income guarantees as a result of watching this video.

Your chance of ever hitting 10 million a year, just shy of million-dollar months, is 0.1% according to the us bureau of labor statistics. Let alone the even smaller chance that you got to crack million-dollar months. But that doesn't negate the fact that i sit here and bring the lessons to you of people who have been there, done that, cracked the big million-dollar months and well beyond and just pass down the things that have worked and the things that haven't worked right here on youtube for you, my friend. So, if you're new to the channel, welcome in. That's all we talk about.

That's what you'll find lessons on on every single video on this channel. Consider subscribing if you haven't done so already. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. It's a pleasure to have you. Got another banger for you here today.

Without further ado, let's dive in. So, we call this solution the group closing call. Okay, this group closing call just is an example of how effective this [ __ ] is. Time and time again, it's very simple, right? your sales team throughout the week.

Let's use the example that whatever their current closing rate is, the exact opposite of that is what we want to call the unclosed rate. Okay? and that's obviously going to be taken in most instances in a percentage for both of these. You want to turn that percentage into a number. Okay?

and you want to figure out how many people per week are going. Okay? because as soon as you figure that out, what you're going to be able to do is you're going to be able to say, "all right, if i took, let's use the example, you're operating at scale or maybe you're just getting started at like, you know, somewhere in the couple hundredk a month range and you're looking to punch up. It's obviously going to wildly dictate how many of these people are going unclosed per week. It might be dozens.

It might be a dozen. It might be hundreds depending on how many salespeople you've got. Okay. The issue is this big problem exists which is it's very simple to understand by the way your salespeople that actually have the blessing of having full calendars they are super busy. Okay?

and so as a result of that they do not follow up with damn near anybody. The only real people they follow up with are the ones who said >> hey man like i got a credit card coming in the mail in a week from now like follow up with me then or like oh i'm in such and such place. I'm traveling you know i'm going to buy later. They'll follow up with those people. I'm not negating the fact that they like follow up somewhat.

But again, with all the people that they don't actually close that don't explicitly say, "hey, i'm going to buy at a later date." they're not going to follow up with jack [ __ ] okay? they're just not. Which, by the way, on this youtube channel, i have, i believe it's like 4 hours long, i put together a sales training course, and somewhere within that 4-hour sales training course, i talk about this role called the cleaner. This is also an incredible function. And they these these two different types of roles within your sales organization, they definitely go hand in hand.

The cleaner, they can follow up with the unconverted people as well. And they can push them to this group sales call. They can also obviously attempt to close them themselves. Simply put, when you have a lot of unclosed deals that are also not being followed up with these two roles, the cleaner role and the group closing call. Okay, the group closing call is what i really want to focus on because it leverages a specific level of authority that your salespeople generally don't bring.

Okay, a lot of businesses nowadays, they're personal brandoriented. They have a charismatic leader that deals in hope and offers change and promises potential results and outcomes that the buyers want. And then generally all those people, they get funneled to a sales team that's slightly less charismatic. They do a great job at representing or sometimes a good job or sometimes unfortunately a mediocre job at representing your organization. And that is where the authority level starts to go down a bit.

Okay. Soon as they have that experience with you and it gets handed off and diluted into just somebody on your team, the impression of i'm willing to spend a fuckload of money, that can sometimes negate the person's mind and just escape them. And as a result, what they need to do is they need to get back in front of you. And that's where this group closing call can come in. You on a week- toeek basis, sometimes twice a week, give or take the volume of unclosed deals that you have or give or take how much money you truly give a [ __ ] to make.

That's generally what dictates more so than anything else whether it's worth doing once a week or whether it's doing twice a week. I'll tell you this though, i will tell you the two days that are typically best to do it. A tuesday and believe it or not, a friday. Okay, these two days are typically the best days of the week to do the group closing call. And the group closing call is super simple to do.

What you're going to do is your salespeople when they don't close a lead. So, if somebody ends the call with, you know, i got to think about it, or whatever little stupid objection they give that prevents them from buying, the salesperson, all they have to do in real time, because remember, they don't follow up with anybody who's not actually probable to close. They got to tell them in real time, hey man, by the way, i've got an opportunity for you to jump on a call here later this week. It's actually tomorrow, tuesday, at this time, and you can get on a call with soando. And what they're going to do, as you know, like they run the business.

They'll answer all your questions that i may have failed to answer at a very high level. You can ask them and be very direct with them about what specifically is holding you back. I want to disclose it's a group call. So, generally that means that there's going to be some other people that pose questions that you also maybe not have thought of, but you're going to get a lot of value from hearing the answers to. And keep in mind, you don't have to unmute yourself and go through all of your questions in front of a bunch of other people.

It'll be on zoom. And zoom allows you to privately message the host. So, nobody else will see your question. And you can make sure if you do private message the host, just say, "hey, don't say who asked the question." and then just ask your question and he'll happily he or she will happily answer it and get you the information you need. And typically on that call, there's an opportunity to close if you end up feeling like it's appropriate, you know, after hearing from this individual that leads our organization.

Are you interested in that? and generally, if they actually have any level of interest after communicating to the sales representative to close at a later time, they'll say, "yeah, [ __ ] yeah. I'll jump on that call." right? and then what you're going to do is you're just going to have that salesperson mark in the crm so some marketing automation fires off cuz again busy sales people they don't have time to follow up. So they don't they're not going to really care.

Although yes you're going to chip them a commission if somebody does get closed on the group call still because they technically pushed them over. You can pay them more like a setter in that example. You don't have to pay them the full closing commission. Of course you're not going to do that. You're going to you're going to pay them a little less.

But again you just need a super simple way through marketing automation to tag the person in the crm and then have a whole sequence fire off that gets the person registered for it. Gets them a zoom calendar invite, you know, gets them the whole shebang to get them to show up. Now, listen to this, right? let's use the example that on a week-over-week basis, you have a hundred people that are going uncloed. That's a lot.

Let's use the example that 50 of them say they're willing to show up. Let's say you get half of them to show up. That's 25 people. Let's say you close 20% of them, right? you close five people out of that.

That whatever times the dollar value per individual you're going to close and the aov you obviously cash collect minus that small commission you're going to pay. That's essentially your dollar value per hour that you're walking home with after your expenses. Of course, in that example, to be able to close those extra people. And generally, these group closing calls, they don't take longer than an hour. They're kind of like a webinar, but a much more direct webinar because they already had a sales call.

So, i'm not going to tell you the specifics of how to execute the group closing call. I leave that for all the people who join into our paid programs like our inner circle program, which is where we currently teach this specific strategy. There's a link for it down in the description. If you're rich trying to get a fuckload richer, that's the place to be. The minimum to be in there is 100k a month.

Average person does two to 300k a month. 22 people in there do more than a mill a month. Some people join already doing more than a mill a month because they're looking and attempting to tack on that next mill a month. One-on-one coaching calls. We do group coaching as well on a weekly basis.

We have our quarterly in-person masterminds right here in miami, florida. Very active group chat full of the rich folks trying to get a lot richer. Unlimited access to jeremy ai. Very, very great value there alone. And then a very dense valueoriented every individual video in there is intended to be the video that makes fact the money that you pay to be in there through our course library we give inner circle members access to as well.

And of course our master internet marketing program. We have our fifth cohort coming up here soon enough. Give or take the time you're watching this video. Hey, maybe it already happened or maybe it's coming up in the very near future. And we do full revamps of that entire course every time that we do a new cohort which we typically do annually.

Sometimes we do it every other year. It just depends on how much change is in marketing. But to be clear, in this newest iteration, we'll also pull information and lessons just like this into that new cohort, add a tremendous amount of additional sops. There's a lot of value inside of that because it is a weekly live class. It's a 7-week total live class.

If you join in now, you get access to the recording or you get access to that upcoming live cohort. Each week covers a different topic. Very in-depth homework library full of video lessons in between, worksheets to help with information retention. There's links for that down in the description as well. You can also preview week one, the specific live class recording that we have from the most recent cohort to get an idea of what it's like and and gauge whether you think it's going to be for you or not because it is a lot.

It's a fire hose of information and we talk at a very high level regardless of where you're at, whether you're completely new or whether you're very deep in the game. We typically get extremely great feedback from everybody who goes through it. Again, no matter the level that they're at, but i want to reiterate back to this, okay, the group coaching call, this group closing call, it's kind of a mix of both, right? you want to open it up and talk clearly about what it is you're selling. Of course, you also want to pepper in some coaching elements to it.

And then a majority of it's just going to be a big q&a. Can't stress it enough though. If you do this twice a week, it has that much more effectiveness, especially when you're operating at scale. But even if even if you're at a smaller scale and you only have like maybe a dozen or two dozen or three dozen calls on a week- toeek basis, this still has a lot of effectiveness. The numbers are just smaller, right?

but that's still likely worth the dollar value per hour that it's probable to pay you after you actually get it dialed in. And working cuz let's be honest, right? there's a reason you're at a smaller level. You're probably going to appreciate a smaller amount of money. The big dogs that are doing this, they obviously get a lot more people to show up and obviously they're more probable to make more just based on the numbers of the whole deal.

Okay, so i can't stress enough very great opportunity to crack some additional revenue. We've had one of our newer inner circle members, pierre and brez, they did a presentation just recently at our q3 inner circle mastermind. They had gotten a million dollar month trophy and they talked about some of the lessons. And interestingly enough, like there's some people in the group, this is more of an anomaly to be fair in terms of how fast they progressed, but you know, it does happen occasionally. They at the q2 mastermind, which was in april, they only had 3 months between april and july because we do them halfway through the month for each one of these.

So, there's about a three-month period of time in between this. They had pulled a handful of things from the april mastermind. I'd gone through a tremendous amount of best practices for what was working up to that point in the quarter. And i'd seen them implement two of these things. I talked to them about live webinars and i'd also talked to them about the group closing call.

They implemented both. Okay. Again, super low percentage of people that work with us see this level of growth this fast. But again, this is the experience that they had. They were at 500k a month in that april time frame.

They doubled it in may. They went to a million a month mainly from the webinar, but the group closing call also, they attested to this during their presentation at the july q3 mastermind to how much that also helped them. Because i can't stress this enough, think about this, like a personal brand like brz, right? you may have never heard of this guy and it doesn't matter if you have or haven't. He's a very notable individual currently with a very young demographic that's learning from this guy on what he specifically teaches.

And brez gets a tremendous amount of organic reach. Okay. Now, a lot of these people, they obviously look up to brez specifically and then you go through bre's's funnel. Obviously, you're not going to talk to brett. You're going to talk to his sales guys.

Now, a lot of those people that go unclosed when they then get told, "hey man, by the way, we can get you on a call with brez later this week. It's a group call. We can answer all your questions directly. You kind of go back and forth with them on whether this offer is right for you or not." that works tremendously well, especially when the person who runs the business has some level of authority inside of the niche that you are operating in. It has less effectiveness when you're more unknown or just aren't a charismatic leader, right?

if you're not somebody that like aspirationally can be looked up to and you're just like some guy or girl in the business, you know, it doesn't have the same effectiveness. It's not like it's not like a manager on the sales team can see the same level of result that the person who literally runs the business and is like the face of the business is going to see compare comparatively. That like celebrity authority effect makes a tremendous difference to the volume of people that are probable to close during these weekly group calls or twice a week group calls that you're going to do for the closing effect. So anyway, great tactic, tremendous to implement and execute on your way to million- dollar months or to crack that next million a month. Again, no income claims, no earning potential, no income guarantees of any way, shape, or form going through these lessons here with you today.

Just something we've seen work on the big dog accounts that we sit here and take up the million-dollar months and crack those next million months with. If you like these types of videos, check out all the other ones on the channel. And of course, subscribe if you haven't done so already. And if you already are, thank you so much for being here. Per usual, go out there and get rich.

Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The Highest Impact Levers That Actually Move The Needle In Your Business
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ghu4yx1VgAs
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the video. We're going to be going through some solid strategies and tactics that can add that extra couple hundredk a month you need to crack million-dollar months or to add that next million a month to what you're currently doing. Sometimes along the way you get stuck. Let me also pepper this in real quick. This is all hypothetical scenarios and this is all for education and entertainment purposes.

By no means are there implied earnings claims. I'm not sitting here saying you're going to watch this video and tack on an extra couple hundredk a month. These are just some lessons from people that we've been there, done that with that i'm passing down to you in this video. That's all we talk about on this channel is hitting million-dollar months. By no means are there implied earnings claims or earning potential here for you sitting watching this video, especially you.

I mean, what the [ __ ] are the odds you watch a video like this and go out there and make a couple hundred grand extra a month? probably extremely [ __ ] low, right? so again, no earnings claims, no earnings potential, just lessons from things that have coincidentally produced that result in other people that have had completely different circumstances than you that have therefore produced results from taking these specific actions. So again, no earnings claims applied to you in this year video. Have you already a subscriber?

welcome back. Got the big daddy rolls behind us today with the bloody guts. I cracked the rim the other day driving through a construction site in good old miami, florida. Got it fixed. Got it back earlier today and figured, hey, [ __ ] it.

Let's go film a video with it in the background for today's pressing issue, which are the top lessons that we've seen time and time again that have done really well at helping a business push up when it hits a ceiling. Circumstantially when you potentially find yourself on this video, obviously you should already be doing a couple hundred grand a month or you should be at that million a month already looking to tack on the next million a month with lessons like these. Generally not applicable if you're in any way, shape, or form below that revenue threshold. So, just bounce off this video to one of those little guys that teaches you how to hit your first 100k a month if you're in that bucket. Back to talking to the big dogs.

Moral of the story is generally you find yourself with some kind of cap or ceiling that you've just ran square into. It's very important to point out you don't know what you don't know. You might have hit that specific ceiling and concluded to the fact that what you've done is no longer scalable beyond the point that you've already taken it to. And i just want to start by saying that's not a good worldview to have. Don't be conclusive about that type of mindset.

Although i'm going to talk to you about different things you could do and you're likely seeking different things you could do as a result of that frame, always maintain the frame that what you're currently doing can be scaled up further. You might just not know what to do to scale it past whatever level you've currently taken it to. When i go out here in good old miami on a walk in this park across the street, sometimes i'm blessed with the opportunity to see literal mega yachts that are a couple hundred million and all i think to myself when i see them is, "this guy figured out some [ __ ] that i simply don't know yet." and he's managed to take those things that he figured out and apply them at scale. It's the same thing here. If you hit a ceiling with your dm campaign, your ad funnel, your organic [ __ ] you got going on, don't conclude to the fact that is capped at whatever ceiling you've smacked into.

Just like you educating yourself to this point to get to this level, it takes new education to get to the next level, too. But to be fair, sometimes things do have a literal ceiling. And so if that is the case, if you have tried many things, if you've gone through the process of attempting change and scale and you genuinely believe you hit a ceiling, here's some things you could do. Number one, sometimes it's as simple as launching a new funnel, right? sometimes literally all you got to do is instead of just running a call funnel, introduce a webinar.

Instead of just doing dm ads, introduce a call funnel. Introduce a webinar. Sometimes you need a lumpsum play. Sometimes you got to do something like a challenge funnel, something more significant. Sometimes you need to develop some low ticket products, especially when you're doing cold paid advertising or you're potentially dealing with higher skepticism inside of your ideal target market.

The point i'm attempting to make is people generally only convert on things that are preferential ways for them to buy. So, if you've scaled to a particular point with a specific audience and a specific combination of messaging to that audience, you have to look at those three variables and how they play into what you're doing. So simply put to kind of visualize it for you, you have the messaging that you've used. These would be like your hook. You have your funnels.

This is as an example like the call funnel, the dm ads, the challenge funnel, the webinars, the low ticket, the high ticket, etc. Whatever you're currently doing, lead forms. And then over here, you also got the actual ad channels. You've got the ways that you're actively communicating to these people. Like sometimes people scale up just organic on a specific channel like youtube or instagram or tik tok or whatever it is.

And then you milk it to a specific extent and then bam, you just hit a ceiling. You could easily add another channel. You might be able to roll into paid if you're only doing organic or vice versa. But i want to be clear when i say this and this is really important you understand. It's kind of subpoint of point number one.

You always when you're in this situation specifically, you always want to bias towards high impact short-term action. This is really important you understand why short-term actions create revenue now, right? and that's likely what you're seeking in this case. You want something that can have an impact right away. You likely are going to have to develop a few things.

Like if you're uncomfortable doing webinars, you're likely going to need to study some webinars. You're likely going to need to get into programs like what i offer down with these links in the description where i have my 70 plus page mastering webinars sop with webinar examples and exactly how to do these webinars, right? there's all kinds of things that you can go out there and study. But i want to be clear when i say this. Don't have this like molasses turtle [ __ ] movement to take an action on the new thing.

We had a guy the other day, he got stuck at around 3 mil a month, okay? and it was all callfunnel revenue and the most obvious thing that the guy could do is just adding a new funnel in. It was so clear. He tested so many different audiences. He had tested so many different sets of messaging.

He even rolled out across many different ad channels, both paid and organic. He kind of just milked it for what it was worth. Sure, there was still some scale potential to it, but he had hit a ceiling for a fair bit of time. Most obvious thing in this guy's case was well look at everything you're not doing like look at a webinar look at a challenge funnel look at low ticket to high ticket and then consider okay out of all these things what do you specifically bias towards being easier than the others that's an example of what i mean by bias towards the thing that has high impact in a short duration of time whatever you view as like complex and hard to execute and challenging and you know it's just going to take a lot of [ __ ] time and effort to do that's what you're going to consider more of the long-term thing and as a result of that it's obviously not going to have any short-term impact on you and help you tack on that extra couple hundredk a month you need to hit that next revenue target. You got to have something that you can do consistently.

That's the other ideal variable here is as an example with a challenge funnel. As much as i like them, they take a lot of [ __ ] time and effort. Like they're tough to be able to do repeatedly. You got to have them every quarter at most. We have our biggest clients do them like twice a year.

They are [ __ ] exhausting. It's not something that's consistent. So, even though it can be something you might view as your prerogative, easy to do, something that you might bias towards, just remember, it's not necessarily consistent. You can't do it at a high frequency. We have a client right now.

He's, this might sound insane to be clear, but i'll explain it in a little more detail after i make this audacious statement. He's doing four live webinars a week. Okay? the guy's got two different offers. He was already doing twice a week webinars with one of the offers successfully.

And as a result of that, we were like, "look, i know this might sound ridiculous, but like why not do two webinars a week for the other one, too?" and he was like, "yeah, i mean, you know, there was a little bit there was a little bit of convincing there that was necessary by looking at the dollar value per hour that was earned on average and being able to justify the execution of it to the guy." because let's be honest, you don't want to when you're making a bunch of [ __ ] internet money or real business money. You're not really looking for something that's going to take an exhausting amount of time and effort. You know, you're looking for something that's repeatable, efficient. Look, i get it. We work with busy rich people for a living.

I'm not i'm not trying to exhaust you of your most important resource of time. But again, four webinars a week for this guy was netting a couple hundred grand per webinar. It made perfect sense to just do something as simple as let's introduce a second webinar twice a week for this other offer that you got. And we were doing cold audiences as a key caveat to that strategy. If you so choose to take on the challenge of doing four webinars a week, it was all cold traffic.

People that were in the warm audience were excluded from these campaigns. Very important you understand that because that becomes what allows that to happen at that scale of four times a week. To be clear, that would never be something you do with a warm audience, an organic audience, etc. You know, you got to do it to cold. So anyway, point i'm trying to make, it's got to be something consistent.

So like webinars are consistent. You could do them once a week to start. You could do them once every other week. Just remember, the more you do it, the more iteration cycles you have, the more you can improve it, the better the impact and revenue can be as a result, which means you're going to have a far greater time being able to actually get that couple hundred grand extra a month that you're looking for to hit those million- dollar months or tack on that next million a month. I'm also a huge fan in these examples of low ticket to high ticket ascension funnels.

So, if i have something that i could sell, give you a perfect example for one of my offers that we've historically done this with. I'm very known, maybe not to you, depending on your awareness of me, for these content ad strategies. From the very beginning of my marketing career, i worked with a guy who had a fuckload of content. And i had initially been hired to do a lot of email marketing for this gentleman. And as a result of that, i was very wellversed in if this then that logic.

And one day, i found myself in the facebook audiences section. And i saw that in the ads manager, i could create audiences for video view thresholds. And my brain at the time was conditioned to think if this then that. So if somebody watched this amount of content, then i could show them more content and then i could show them direct response ads and then i could show them more content. I just created a bunch of contextual paths that i wanted people to travel down relative to where they were at in our customer journey.

And as a result of that over the years, that's paid off for me tremendously well in a lot of the deals that we've worked with and students i've had, teaching them all of these content ad strategies that i've developed over the years. The point i'm trying to make is as an example of a low ticket product i can easily break out from my main products that you can find links for down in the description. I could easily sell you on the fact that maybe you spend like a hundred bucks or 200 bucks on a digital pdf chalk full of a handful of my content first ad strategies. You'd likely buy that and as a result of that you'd express interest to us that you clearly want to use them and we're going to reach out to you about that. We're going to talk to you about the use case that you have for it.

We're going to talk to you and make sure that you actually implement them successfully. Maybe we'll have our sales guys shoot you over a handful of videos that are unlisted on youtube that are through our value dense follow-up sequence where we give you even more value about how to execute these strategies. Or maybe that acts as one of our upsells in the process. Point i'm trying to make is as a result of you spending a couple hundred bucks. Our sales team has an extremely clear signal with that type of individual where they can look at that person and say, "well, i bet this individual could have a lot of benefit from all our other programs, but they get a taste of something first." right now, as an example, as you'll see down in the links in the description, we have these application call funnels for all our offers, whether it be the inner circle where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly in-person masterminds, our group chat full of rich people that are all trying to get a fuckload richer.

We just recently, by the way, this is actually kind of crazy. We had four people doing more than a million a month already that joined into the group at that level. We're at 21 people now in that [ __ ] doing more than a million dollars a month, which is awesome. Average person joins into to disclose at around 2 to 300k a month. Or whether it be for my master internet marketing program, 7-week live class.

You purchase while we're not doing a live class, you get immediate access to the past classes recordings. But again, my point is is like those links down in the description, our lowest ticket product in that example is $5,000 currently. The other one is thousands of dollars a month, right? and so the point i'm trying to make is is like i miss out on an entire demographic of people that i could otherwise easily convert if i just had a different way for them to buy something that's more preferential for them. I believe in my world that youtube acts as that.

You guys get a tremendous amount of value from my channel if you've consumed a handful of my videos. And if you haven't, you'll see that yourself as time goes on. As you sit here and go through and watch more of my content, we'll work you up to the point where you feel comfortable to make that type of initial purchase with us. But i can't stress it enough. There's still always going to be a chunk of people that if i sold something lower ticket first and demonstrated to them the point that i always make.

I constantly sit here and say i hold back 90% of the [ __ ] that i could sit here and tell you about for my paid programs. That way when you join into them, you have that wow factor where you're like, "holy [ __ ] this is insane. I've never had a program like this that i've purchased online." right? but again, i could prove that to the people that operate with a higher level of skepticism by selling something low ticket first. Okay.

And sometimes it's that same way for when you're only doing a call funnel with a webinar, right? webinars are an opportunity for people to have a longer duration of time with you, be able to have you teach them things, frame them better, spend that additional time with you, and hear it from you directly rather than from your salespeople or from you in a vssl. Some opportunity to be able to ask you some specific questions you directly and hear it from your mouth. That sometimes has tremendous effectiveness. My point being an alternative funnel that you introduce into your process that in almost all instances and the reason i sit here and harp on it as the number one point can have insane impact on your revenue potential when you get stuck with something else.

Okay, point number two a little more nuanced as it relates to whatever you've currently scaled up and gotten stuck with. Generally, a new channel is what can create a good chunk of additional revenue. And this could be an additional ad channel. This could be going from organic to paid. This could be also taking what you're doing organically and rolling it out on another channel.

In some instances, like let me give you an example of this so you understand this a little better. I do quite well with youtube. It warms people up, generates a fair bit of revenue for us, brings in all kinds of people for us, whether it be agency deals, inner circle members, master internet marketing students. We get a pretty wide range of people that sit here and watch all this stuff. The point i'm trying to make is as an amplification strategy, right?

it's like i don't want to necessarily classify this as its own point. I want to classify this as like a sub point under this which is amplification, right? can sometimes be the benefactor to what scales you beyond a specific ceiling. So, as i sit here and i yap on my own youtube channel, sure youtube helps me distribute my content in the discovery feeds, in the suggested video feeds, potentially word of mouth is how you may have found me. Who knows?

but my point being, i have a higher probability to reach more people on this channel beyond what those two or three different variables are going to do for me that are built into the platform solely by going onto other people's channels. So, just recently, i went on a little podcast run. I only did three podcasts. I did it in the month of june. As a result of that, i saw the largest month-over-month subscriber growth.

I saw the largest month-over-month video view growth. I also in addition to that saw the largest month- over-month application rate coming specifically from youtube as a channel and i can't stress it enough sometimes as an example like i could sit here and i could consider okay i could amplify the amount of videos that i have. I could spend money to distribute these videos as well which is something we'll talk about here shortly and or i could also amplify viewership right and so in this case in particular sometimes you just got to get out of your comfort zone and stop doing things the way that you're currently doing them. Let's just say you're really big on tiktok. It's like getting in front of a bunch of other people's audiences is a great way to scale your own audience time and time again.

That's been proven over the years, right? and i can't stress it enough. Most people when they hit these ceilings, it almost becomes like a desperate energy where instead of operating in this free flow state where you have your ultimate creativity, you devolve to this view of like desperation, you know? and i can't stress it enough. It's sometimes the simplest [ __ ] that you got to do that can take that ceiling and punch it up to the next level.

All right, next point. I'm trying to make pricing. I am a big fan of increasing price. Just recently on my channel, i posted a video on some exclusivity tactics. I used my inner circle as an example.

I have two finite things in the inner circle that i do. Number one, one-on-one calls. And number two, the mastermind. I have a limited amount of space, right? i can't fit unlimited people into a venue.

I can only fit so many folks into it. The point i'm trying to make with that is as a result of those finite variables, as more people join into the group, i get more and more leverage to be able to continue jacking up the price. People join into that group and they do really well after they join in. We have a really high hit rate of people being able to justify staying in there for long durations of time. And my point is with that, every time that i've increased the price, all that's happened as a result is we get better quality people that join in who make more money when they join in.

And as a result of those people being more financially well off, they also have a higher probability to generate more financial return because of the risks that they can take that somebody with less money doesn't have the ability to take. So the point i'm tempting to make is very simple. Sometimes all you have to do to just rip the [ __ ] ceiling off of what you currently do is jack the price up on it. Can't stress that enough. Of course, there's so many other tactics and strategies that i could sit here and talk about, and honestly, i'd like to rip off 12 for you.

But at the end of the day, youtube's a free channel, and you only get so much when you sit here for free. Check out some of those links down in the description. Check out all my other videos at the very least. Subscribe to the channel if you're not already a subscriber. And thank you so much for being here and watching this.

Go get rich.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The KPIs You Must Track To Succeed With Challenge Funnels
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dMSP2xWhyg
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

Welcome back to the challengefunnel/3day virtual event series. In this particular video, we are going to be going through what your kpi expectations should be throughout this virtual event. We're going to be talking about things like cost per purchase expectations, show rate expectations for each day of the challenge, total conversion rate expectations, repitch conversions. We're going to go through the whole shebang here in this video today. If you're new to the channel, welcome in.

All we do around here is talk about hitting milliondoll months or if you're already there, tacking on the next million a month. We don't make any income claims, though. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any possibility to make that possible for you. All we know is is what the us bureau of labor statistics tells us, which is that.1% of all businesses on earth ever hit the big 10 million a year, let alone the even smaller percentage of people that would do 12 million a year, aka million-doll months. So, long story short, again, no income claims, no earnings expectations, no earning potential, just game that i'm putting you on.

If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. And hopefully by this point, you've watched a few of the other videos within this particular series cuz this fits snugly in there if you're going to commit to a virtual event. So, without further ado, let's dive into it. First of all, every virtual event that we do is paid.

Okay? we do not like free because free has a completely different set of statistics that are correlated to it. Now, i'm going to give you a few little caveats when it comes to free that you can technically get away with. It depends on who you are and how big of an audience and following you have and how many people you can get into it in the first place to start to financially model out whether these statistics will make sense for you. So, one of my inner circle members, i'm not going to say these guys' names cuz i don't want to openly air out their statistics since they haven't done done so themselves already.

But anyway, these two guys, we have the front-facing personal brand and then we have the guy that's responsible for the operations, sales, and marketing. Now, these two boys, they have literally low-end hundreds of millions of people that look at their content in a month. It's extreme. There's also a very high quantity of those people that click to their instagram accounts, their tik tok accounts, navigate over to their youtube page. Again, these guys have scaled their personal brand content through clippers.

Okay, now that's a whole different video, but regardless, due to the quantity of viewership that they get, they took the route for their challenge funnel to do free rather than have it cost money. Typically, when you do the route of free, you have a completely different set of expectations that you are going to experience. First of all, your show rates are going to be booty for the most part. You typically see about a 10 to 20% show rate. Now, these two guys specifically what they're trying to do to combat that is a raffle where they're saying, "hey, if you show up and comment something in the chat for 3 days that we're doing the event, you are automatically entered into this raffle and they're giving out money.

I think they're also going to give out a rolex watch, little roly pololy, and that might influence their show rate a bit, but i just want to be really clear when i say this. When you generally fall into bribing people to get them to show up, it can work. Like look at the time share model as a great example of that. That industry is a literal bribe to sit down and actually hear out their sales pitch. They fly you out somewhere.

They get you into some kind of resort. They allow you to go get a show or dinner or lunch or something like that on them usually. And all they want from you is just 90 full minutes of your attention to try to get you to purchase a time share. So clearly bribing can work. I want to be very fair in saying that.

But generally when it comes to like a free virtual event, i mean listen, the incentive is is show up, comment something, and then bounce. So naturally, if a system can be gained, it will be gained. Very important to take note of that. Can they influence their show rate to be higher than that through things like my back-end selling systems, the hammer them strategy, setters potentially reaching out to these folks and trying to confirm and get them excited and make them show up, valued dense email sequences, a proper well-built confirmation page. Yeah, all these things can absolutely influence the show rate to be a little greater than that, but when it's free, you're typically going to have a bad time.

But here's the thing, though. These guys, they're shooting for 150,000 registrants. Okay? so, even if they get a 10 to 20% show rate, they're still going to be sitting at about 15 to 20,000 people that are going to show up live and watch them go throughout their content. Now, we already have a video in this dedicated playlist to these virtual events where we go through what the content flow should be.

So, make sure to go check that out to get an idea of what these guys are going to flow through in terms of what they teach, when they make their pitch, when they make their repitch, etc., and how the actual outline of the content is. But here's what i want to make really clear. When you do it free, you also see a bigger drop off rate for each subsequent day that follows. So, as an example, if i'm going to see, let's let's give them the benefit of the doubt in this example and say that they for day one are going to get a full 20% show rate. Okay?

well, day two is typically a lot worse and same with day three. The good news is again, if you watch the outline of when we do what in these challenges for the content, we make our pitch on day two. However, day two when it's a free challenge is usually about half of whatever the total attendance was on day one. If you do an incredible job, like i'm talking damn near perfect execution on day one, you can still have a relatively high show rate on day two, but it's still going to get chopped at the knees comparatively to if people paid for it. So, it's a big give and take when you choose to take action on whether it's going to be free or whether you do it paid.

And the biggest part that makes the most substantial difference is the total quantity of registrance that you're actually probable to drive into the challenge. So, if these guys do pull off a huge quantity of people, 150,000 people that register, that'll typically exceed the amount that people would get there if they paid for it. Okay? and that's a very important distinction. It will have more people that are there.

The other very important thing to consider is is how many of those people are actually going to be probable to buy. You're typically going to see a lower overall conversion rate against the total amount of people that you got to opt into the challenge or depending on how you want to do the statistic. You can also do it based on the total quantity of people that showed up to the challenge. Now, here's the thing. This is going to be a pretty low statistic, but again, this is typically what we see.

We typically see a 1 to 3% conversion rate against the total quantity of registrants that opted in in the first place that end up buying whatever the thing is that's pitched on day two. Okay, so that's where the actual money comes in in this case. So these guys huge organic presence. Hey, sign up for the challenge. Sign up for the challenge.

We got this challenge coming up. Assuming they get upwards of 150,000 people to register, they get 15 to maybe 30,000 people that actually show up to this thing on day one. They get 7,500 or maybe upwards of 15,000 to show up on day two. That's how many people they're pitching to. Okay?

if they convert 1 to 3% of 150,000 people and they sell something that's several thousand that's direct to checkout and maybe they also get people who can do a call funnel who aren't willing to buy then and there to clear out the rest and then they feed everybody else who showed up to the challenge to their setter team to reach out and try to milk some subsequent revenue from those guys. They're still probable to have a good time right now. Just to be clear, their hard costs go up a lot. Anybody who's executed any kind of significant event, which again, if you're the right type of person watching this channel, you've likely come across this issue already and know about this. You got to pay zoom a pretty substantial amount of money to do a zoom webinar with more than several thousand people.

I believe the minimum is 5 to 10,000 people where all of a sudden you're paying zoom like 10 to 15,000 plus dollars. Now, just to be clear, in the context of a challenge funnel or a virtual event, that's just more cash you got to front. And in most instances, you're doing these things to make a few million dollars at once or, you know, on a smaller level, high couple hundred thousand ideally. So, again, it's worth the cost, but it's still it adds to like the total upfront amount that you have to front for the whole thing. It's a lot more tech issues that can go wrong when you have like too high of a quantity of people, as silly as that sounds.

But anyway, here's the moral of the story. 1 to 3% conversion rate against 150,000 registrants is still [ __ ] awesome. I mean, that's going to be a huge payday. Imagine you convert 1,500 people on a $5,000 price. You know, you're going to have a good time if you do that math.

Okay. Now, comparatively, when you look at the paid statistics, which are in most instances completely different and a little more favorable, every one of these stats changes. Okay. So, again, these stats here, this is for the free challenge. And then when you look at a paid version of the challenge, the paid version is typically far more favorable.

So you're you're going to get a lower total quantity of people that are going to buy the actual virtual event when you do a paid challenge. And you got to look at that first. So you have the total clicks and then you have the total buyers of the actual challenge itself. So like total buyers of the ticket. This can typically range from anywhere as low as 5%.

We've seen these as high as 15%. And the 15%, by the way, just to give you an idea. I mean, that's a phenomenal conversion rate on a sales page, like phenomenal. Just to be clear, that came from a very niche challenge that was executed geared towards the accounting niche. They had a dialedin sales page that was aligned perfectly to the expectations and the desires of the accounting niche for the people that they were going after.

They were going after bookkeepers. They were going after cpas. And man, the claims that they made, the messaging that they had, it's one of the highest levels of responsiveness that we've seen in a while. But you can typically convert about 5 to 10% of your total page. And i just want to be really clear when i say this.

I've converted a lot of people, excuse me, i've consulted a lot of people on challenge funnels over the years, and i've seen a lot worse than this. This statistic will wildly influence and dictate what your overall profitability is going to be going into the challenge itself. Okay? and the stats that make up your cost per purchase of the actual ticket itself, they're made up of a few stats. You've got cpms, you've got your link click-through rates on the ad level itself, you've obviously got your page conversion.

Some people also typically promote through a webinar. And by the way, we have a whole video in this channel dedicated to the promotion cycle and how long that looks and like what you do during the promotion cycle and what you need. We also have a video dedicated to sales page best practices within this series. And in that video, we talk about long form sales pages. And we also talk about a webinar strategy that you can use.

Now, just to be clear, if you use the webinar strategy specifically, you obviously have a few more stats that are going to make up your cost per purchase, like cost per opt-in, and that's dictated by cpms, link click-through rate, the opt-in rate of your actual webinar. You have the show rate to your webinar, and then of course, you have your actual conversion rate of the webinar of pushing people to buy tickets. So, if you do a long form sales page, which typically liquidates more of the spend profitably that you're going to put out in order to get ticket buyers in the first place, you obviously have your page conversion rate to look at. And that can sometimes be made up of other statistics, too. Like, as an example, let's say you have a two-step order form.

You have that stat like how many people fill out the first step, how many people actually register. That can be an example of another bottleneck. So, long story short, those are the stats that make up your cost per purchase. Those are the specific bottleneck kpis that you would want to be mindful of and attentive to while you go out and try to get people to buy at a profitable rate. If you convert somewhere in that range of that 5 to 15%, you're typically going to have a good time.

As long as your link clickthrough rate's not [ __ ] and your cpms aren't sky-high, you're typically, depending on what you charge for the actual event, going to be profitable. Now, we have one of my inner circle members. His name is zach, and he runs an event company called paidvents.com. Now, zach's awesome. Big fan of zach.

He's been in the inner circle for a very long period of time. He's great with challenge funnels as well, but he does them completely differently than what i typically recommend. And this is a great example of why i love learning and hearing from our other inner circle members on what they specifically do. Zach will charge singledigit numbers, like he'll charge, as an example, $7 to $9 to get somebody to buy the challenge in the first place. He'll still have upsells and things like that on the back end to try to increase his aov, but in that example, when you charge so little, you're obviously going to go into the event at a much less profitable number, meaning you're going to front a lot of cash.

And so therefore, you're going to be limited on the overall amount of cash that you're going to be able to front to try to get a fuckload of people into the challenge itself. We typically charge a little more money. But here's the very interesting thing about what zach found. He found that even if he only charges $7 to $9 as an example of his ticket pricing, he can still see the same show rates that i'm about to talk to you about if i charged somebody $47 to $97. So, it's very important to consider.

You can go as low as $7 to $9 on the actual ticket price. However, i typically encourage people go about $47 to 97. The reason being these are typically more qualified buyer leads. Depends on what you're going to try to sell somebody. If you're typically going for something that might cost, let's say, $3 to $5,000 or even less, you can get away with charging less upfront because they don't have to be as qualified of a buyer lead.

When i charge somebody at least $47 to $97, from what we've seen in our testing, we can typically sell something that's a lot more costly. Like, we have a guy that sells something at a $15,000 price. He sells his tickets to come to the virtual event for $247. That difference of him charging more from his testing time in and time out of the challenge has proven that the people who buy at $247, they buy the actual high ticket product at a substantially higher rate than somebody who buys at 47 or 97. So again, when you look at the $7 to 9 price or anything less than that, you might still average the same show rate that we're about to talk about with these paid events.

But you got to remember like how you decide what the price of the event should be is a culmination of a few things. How profitable do you want to try to be going into the event? cuz remember, if you're profitable just on ticket sales and the upsells you have on the front end, you have unlimited budget. You can throw as many dollars as you can possibly throw at the ad channels to get as many people to buy the challenge as you possibly can, which obviously is going to influence the amount of people that upsell to the main product during the challenge that you're going to pitch. You want that.

You want to be in that position. If you charge the $7 to $9 comparatively, yeah, you might experience the same show rate as somebody who buys for 47 to 97. But again, the question becomes, are you going to get the same level of buyer lead? and generally, what you have to do to actually figure that out is test it. And you have to do multiple challenges.

And you have to see if there's a difference in the types of people you get from what you charge. You understand? so again, i'm not in any way, shape, or form trying to demonize or make it sound like [ __ ] to charge $7 or $9. Typically, what my clients prefer when we run these challenges is to be profitable going into the challenge. That is the most ideal scenario for everybody.

And that also when i say it's a culmination of a few things that decide what the price should be, that's what typically biases us towards the $47 to $97 price point. Okay? now, obviously, if you charge less, you can typically see a higher conversion rate. If you charge more, you're typically going to see a little lower conversion rate, but the additional dollars you collect typically offset and make you profitable. Something to consider.

Now, very important to note, outside of the ticket price, you have upsells in both the free version and in the paid version that you have to consider. We typically see, and you'll notice this when i talked about sales page best practices for these long- form sales pages and even for the webinar strategy that you can run, you typically want to have at least two upsells on the back end of the ticket. Okay? and these conversion rates can range wildly depending on what it is and what you charge. One key lesson that we talk about time and time again when it comes to low ticket is whatever the main thing is that you're actually selling for high ticket.

This specific thing is made up of a bunch of smaller things. So, as an example, i was talking this weekend about bookfunnel mastery and my inner circle program where we do our weekly group calls, our twice a month one-on-one calls, our quarterly in-person masterminds, extensive course library that we have in there, and all kinds of other great stuff. Jeremy ai. That's our group for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. One of our members had asked, "hey, can we go through bookunnel mastery?" and we talked about this very common lesson when it comes to low ticket to high ticket ascension.

The main thing is typically made up of a bunch of smaller things. And the lesson that i specifically used, i had this program that we marketed for a while and it was called high ticket agency. And it's an agency owner program that teaches you how to start and scale marketing agencies. Now, that specific offer, the main thing is, well, i want to start, i want to scale a marketing agency. And there's a bunch of smaller things that make up what that takes to do that.

And as an example of one of the low ticket book funnels that we had created to promote that high ticket thing, we selected what we call my perfect cold video pitch bundle. It comes with an sop on how to execute my video pitches. And i'm not pitching right now, by the way. Pay attention to this. Comes with the perfect cold video pitch sop.

It comes with what what we call my value dense email sequences and it also comes with this thing that we call valuedriven follow-up and a bunch of lead genen tools that we recommended. We don't sell this [ __ ] by the way. Don't try to ask me to buy it. Long story short, we bundled all those together into what we called the perfect cold video pitch bundle and we sold it for about $150 to $197. Now that thing as an example was one of the what we call breakout branches.

Okay? so, if you cared about that, about how to get clients for an agency, there's a high probability you'd care about all the other things that i can teach and talk to you about when it comes to starting and scaling a marketing agency. That's the same concept that you want to follow when you select what your upsells are going to be. So, the first upsell and the second upsell should ideally directly complement whatever it is that the theme of the virtual event is. Okay?

if you successfully do that, you're going to have a very high conversion rate. Without exaggeration, you can see upwards of a 20 to 50% take rate depending on pricing and what specifically you're upselling. Okay? as an example of this, if i buy a book and the first upsell is an audio book of that book, that's going to have a really high take rate because it directly complements the book, right? whatever the theme and the topic is of my challenge, that specifically is what i want to select for upsell one and upsell two.

Now, the pricing of this relative to what your conversion rate is on these upsell steps is going to dictate what the price should be. The higher the take rate, the lower and more favorable the price can be for the customer. The lower the take rate, the higher the price needs to be. So, i can weight my average order value higher because that's going to significantly dictate how profitable i am going into the challenge. The higher the aov, the more probable i am to be profitable.

You understand? so, moral of the story is outside of the actual ticket prices. Okay? you ideally have something that's your upsells that are going to convert at the lowest about 5%. But again, if you do it right, this can be upwards of like a 20 to i know it sounds ridiculous, a 20 to 50% conversion rate.

The price being lower is going to be indicative that you're going to likely have a higher conversion rate. The conversion rate being lower is either because you're priced too high or because whatever you're selling just doesn't make any [ __ ] sense for the person to buy. It doesn't actually directly compliment. It's like you go sit down, you get a burger, right? and they're like, "hey man, you want fries?" it's like you're not like, "what the [ __ ] why are you offering me fries?" you know, you're like, "oh, it makes total sense for you to offer me." you know, if they say something like, "hey, do you want to make it a large?" again, you're not like, "what the fuck?" you're like, "it makes total sense.

Yeah, make it a large." right? if they even say, "hey, you want a milkshake or a soda or even a water?" >> right? again, you're not like, "why the [ __ ] are you pitching me that?" you're like, "no, it makes total sense." but this is a huge thing that a lot of people break when it comes to the conversion rate percentages that they're going to experience if the price is too high, even if it makes sense. Hey, you want fries with that? it's going to be $20 extra.

What the [ __ ] you know, you're going to have a low conversion rate on that because it's price too high, even if it's the right thing. So, it's a combination of these two things together that matter the most. The price and it being complimentary to whatever the main thing is. You understand? so you do that right, that's what's going to ultimately get you to that statistic.

And now those specifically that dictates your aov being high. Okay? you want your average order value to be as high as you can possibly get it because again, whatever your cost per purchase climbs up to, the aov has to exceed that for you to be profitable. Okay? and if you don't exceed it, that means you're burning whatever amount you aren't able to liquidate.

So, as an example, for every dollar that i spend, if i'm only able to liquidate 50% of it, cuz my aov is half of whatever my cost per purchase is, i'm fronting 50 cents for every buyer i get in that example. You understand? so, moral of the story is focus on the aov, that matters a lot. Okay? okay.

And then when you look at your actual cost, when you look at your actual cost per purchase, okay, just to re-emphasize this, your cost per purchase is going to be influenced by what we talked about up here, your cpms, your link click-through rate, your page conversion rate, and your aov is influenced by your conversion rate, the pricing strategy you pick, the upsell take rate, and how that influences your aov. But just keep in mind your cost per purchase in order to just drive it down. There's all kinds of ranges that i've seen. Like i've literally myself when i've run ads for clients gotten cost per purchases as low as like in the 40s or 50s and i had an aov that was about double to triple that give or take the time of promotion. I've had clients that we've run traffic for directly where our cost per purchase is around 150 to 200 and the aov is just about at the same spot but we're losing a little bit of money right now.

I can't stress this enough. There's no real static number that i can sit here and tell you for like this is what your cost per purchase should be. Here's all i will tell you though in terms of expectations. So you walk out of this video fully understanding what you should project onto your advertisers that are running this for you or what you should expect yourself if you're running it for you. You want to be profitable.

It is very possible to get profitable and the more unprofitable you are, the more [ __ ] specific bottleneck statistics are within your advertising process. Look at all those subsequent steps, the cpms, the link click-through rate, your onpage conversion metrics. If you're doing that webinar strategy to promote this challenge funnel or this 3-day virtual event coming up, look at the webinar stats like opt-in rate, show rate, the overall conversion rate of the webinar, the aov from who comes from one or the other, long form page or the webinar page, and try to fix those specific stats. Okay? if you do that, you're typically going to have a great time.

So anyway, back to the point. When you look at the actual show rates of the paid versions of these challenges, they're very different. Like very different. Okay? usually the expectation that we would project on to you is out of the total quantity of buyers that you're able to produce, you get 70% of them to show up when you charge any amount of money.

Like zach had proved with his paid events.com model, $79 is possible to get a 70% show rate. Us charging 47.49 to that 97.99 price point. Again, that still has a very good show rate of 70 plus%. We don't see much variance between the two. We just see a difference in the types of buyer leads.

Now, day two, same exact logic. You're typically going to see a far higher retention rate cuz people paid for this [ __ ] you're typically going to see about a 60 to 65% show rate against total traffic on day two. Day two, keep in mind, you make your pitch. You've officially aired out the fact that you're trying to sell people and you've converted a lot of them. Ideally, day three, you typically see a little lower.

You typically see about 50% of your total buyers actually show up to day three. Now, when it comes to the overall conversion metrics, right, your conversion rate against the total buyers, not just the total quantity of people that showed up is typically about 3 to 7%. With the average usually being about 5%. So, as an example of that, if i got 10,000 people in total to buy my challenge, i got 7,000 of them to show up, i'm going to convert about 5% of that 10,000 on average and walk away with a few hundred people buying my high ticket thing. Very important to note here, there's a far smaller quantity of people that you're typically going to get to a paid challenge.

Most of you don't have hundreds of millions of viewers. I think without exaggeration, i'm probably literally talking to like five of you when i say you have hundreds of millions of viewers within a month that are actively looking at your content. And in that example, like yeah, you could argue that a free challenge might be better for you. But it's also very important to note like you could justify a paid challenge just as well. It really comes down to the price of what you're selling, how serious you want people to be when they show up, what you want your show rate to look like, what you want your overall conversion rates to look like.

Now, hear this. On the above average side of things, we typically see conversion rates average out to about 10%. These are the people who have done challenges. They've done webinars. They've been there, done that with live in-person events.

They're [ __ ] dialed in one to many sales machines. They've perfected the art of the pitch, the presentation. They've dialed in this whole system, and they've worked out the kinks. If it's your very first 3-day virtual event or your very first challenge or like one of your very first ones, again, try to set your expectations somewhere between that 3 and 7% range, that's more probable for you. So, anyway, moral of the story, there's a handful of other statistics that we could sit here and go over, but per usual, we save a lot of that for our paid buyers.

So whether you're somebody just looking to master internet marketing and go through my 7-week live class and get access to the challenge sop, which we talk about in week one of that program, you can check that out with the link below. We even give you week one of one of our past cohorts as an example for you to be able to go through and see if you like that learning style, the way i present, and see if that's going to work for you to be able to master internet marketing. On the other side of things, if you're rich, you're trying to get a fuckload richer, check out jeremy's inner circle. There's a link for it to apply down below. Four times a year right here at our facility in good old miami, florida.

We do our in-person masterminds. Got a good couple hundred people that show up. It's phenomenal. It's very fun. We do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls.

You can select the topics of them as well if you want to throw out an idea if we don't already have one. We've got an extensive course library and both of these offers. We have access to jeremy ai and both of these offer. And in jeremy's inner circle, we have a group chat, extremely active inside of telegram, full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. So, whichever one you are, feel free to apply and check out those links down in the description.

And at the very least, go check out some of the other videos in this specific series on virtual events, challenge funnels, or go check out all the other videos on my youtube channel. They're all very helpful to you. Thank you so much for being here. Go get richer.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The NEW Way To Scale Ads with Meta's Andromeda Update
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rim2s-WFwYg
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

If you're struggling now more than ever before with reaching the right people consistently, meaning you historically may have reached these pocket audiences and you've been in there for maybe weeks or sometimes upwards of months at a time and then all of a sudden it changes. Now with the world of andromeda factored in that can actually happen far more frequently. Niche messaging is being distributed at a larger rate than majority hooks from what we've seen in this postandromeda world. Just to be extremely clear with you, the effects of that tiny hooks are reaching pockets of people that you may not be intending to reach and they're creating a lot of chaos inside of businesses that don't know what to do when it comes to messaging best practices as it directly relates to this post andromeda facebook algo update. We're going to go through all the best practices in this video.

Don't worry, i got you. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, this is a perfect channel for you. That's all we talk about around here. If you are looking to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. All our content's made for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you're in the right place.

We don't make any income claims, though. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that.1% of businesses ever achieve $10 million and an annual run rate, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever achieve milliondoll months. So, just to be clear, there are no income claims or earnings expectations. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. We just pass down these lessons to you from clients who have been there, done that for what's working right now today.

So without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Another banger for you here today. So what we've seen at this most recent mastermind that we just concluded here for our q4 talk in good old the end of 2025 in the post andromeda world, the businesses that were crushing it are doing a lot more creative testing than they ever have before.

And they're finding that the smallest things are controlling and influencing more than ever before who they're going to reach and how long they're probable to reach them for. I'll give you a perfect example of this. One of the inner circle members, mason, gets up on stage and he mentioned a very simple thing in almost a joking way where he said, "you know, one time we were talking about something that didn't relate at all to writing or articles. We just mentioned the use of ai and the power of copywriting with being able to replicate long books such as authors like jk rowling. And because he mentioned that author's name, the famous author who wrote all the harry potter books, he got a bunch of authors through his funnel.

And that wasn't his intended audience. There was nothing else in that entire thing besides those few words, the name of a famous author and a word like author that immediately started to reach a fuckload of authors. And so here's the number one thing that you have to remember in this post andromeda world, and that's the fact that everything's more sensitive now than it's ever been before. Sensitive in the sense that literally one word or sometimes a handful of words can wildly influence who you're probable to reach. And of course, those pocket audiences, some of them are large and some of them are small.

I compared it at this most recent mastermind that we just did to like little pockets of oil. I said, you know, if you bought like a piece of land, like let's say it's, you know, 20-ish thousand acres and you wanted to drill for oil and you know, you're naturally like 30 40 years ago when that was in its heyday. You're going to build these little wells up here and you're going to dig deep into the ground until you hit a little pocket. And then naturally, the amount of oil that's within this specific pocket dictates how productive this specific well is. And as you can imagine, there's wells that they build that, you know, they don't hit any pocket.

Maybe because they didn't drill deep enough or because those pockets were rather shallow. And so even if you hit the right pocket and you use the right terms to influence who you're probable to be getting in front of, sometimes even when you're speaking to the perfect person, there's only so many of that perfect person that's actually probable to be in that little audience in that given moment. And so what we're finding is andromeda is doing such a powerful really good job at getting very niche almost micro hooks in front of those smaller pockets. And so what we're seeing is there's more of these smaller pockets being exploited than ever before. But that also reduces the amount of time that you can be exploiting that specific pocket audience for.

You understand where i'm going with this? what you have to do is you have to recognize that when you get the right people coming through and you did the right things with dialing in your messaging to attract that type of person and all of a sudden you see the wrong types of people coming through, you likely ran out of people in that pocket and you likely need to go back and do creative testing again. That's really what andromeda is all about is taking so many more creatives that have been loaded into this platform than ever before, whittling it all down to a few thousand, and then handing it off to the 2023 update that meta did called metal lattis. It's the simple retrieval and ranking algo steps. But now it's better than it's ever been historically.

And as a result of that, those little pockets are being exploited more than ever before. Here's the downside, though, and if you've run ads, you know exactly what i'm talking about right now. You need to load up about we find the pocket to be 25 to 30 unique creatives in an ad set. And so for let's use the example you're doing video ads. We'd film 25 to 30 totally unique creatives.

No shared bodies and ctas. Everything's unique through and through. And all those different reasons all those total unique creatives. One to three are going to get all the reach. [laughter] so as a result of only one to three total creatives getting all that reach and distribution, the other, let's say you launch with 25, right?

the other 24 to maybe 22, they're going to get barely any money spent. Sometimes, without exaggeration, pennies. Now, that doesn't negate the fact that we still have to launch with 25 to 30 total creatives to get the impact and the positive benefits of what andromeda can truly provide. However, yeah, it's kind of frustrating to look at it and say, well, i mean, none of these other ads got reach. But this is also kind of the cool part.

All we really have to do is in that example, duplicate out our ad set, remove and/or just turn off the creatives, the one to three that got all the reach, and then let those other ones start to test against each other. And that's kind of the cool part. In the process of doing so, you reach newer pockets and you may have that potential to finally hit that bigger pocket. And if you have, let's say, a really finite demographic of people that you believe you can convert, what you have to be really good at is articulating yourself from multiple perspectives about that thing. So let's use the example that this specific demographic is your current pocket audience.

And it's small in this context. Okay? you believe that there's a finite amount of people that in a given moment under specific circumstances and conditions are ready and probable to buy what you have. You're not necessarily a mass market brand. You've got a high ticket product or service after all.

And it's specific for somebody's problems relative to your problem and solution scenario. What you have to learn to be really good at is articulating that thing from so many different perspectives. And we break this down into really just three simple things. Okay. Number one, the problems that that individual has.

Number two, the circumstances that that individual finds themsself in. Okay, circumstances are powerful. And in addition to that, we can also articulate ourselves from an outcomes perspective. Now, these three specifically, when you think in the context of those and you just try to list as many reasons that you can think of, what you end up doing is you're able to talk to that same pocket audience so many times over because you have mastered the success of being able to rotate the problem, circumstances, and outcomes that that specific individual that you're trying to talk to wants. And you also remember rule one, which is the sensitivity part of it.

Don't say anything that wouldn't bring in the right types of people. And all it comes down to is the simplest of words nowadays in this post andromeda update. Once you do an exercise like this, there's a lot of power in it because what you can do is what we teach our inner circle members and master internet marketing students, which is to leverage specific credit-based llms to go into it. This would be something not like chat gbt or claude or gemini. There's credit based llms that you can use and the incentive is far greater.

A credit-based llm will read all the transcripts that you upload into it word for word. It fully consumes a lot more training material and doesn't operate with the guard rails of efficiency that a monthly flat rate subscription llm ai tool would use comparatively. You want a credit-based llm. Okay? now, we have many of those that we teach and talk about inside of our inner circle program, our master internet marketing program.

You're watching here for free on youtube after all. So, i'm going to give you a lot, but i'm going to hold back some stuff so you eventually give me some money. [laughter] anyway, long story short, links in the description for that if you're interested. Back to this. When you do this specific exercise and you do it in a way where you're thorough, you load up specific training material documents into that llm, it can kick you out consistent ad ideas for that specific person, leveraging real world agentic.

This is very important. Let me actually backtrack a bit. All these preferred credit based llms. I also want you to understand it should have an agent mode where it can go out there. All agent mode really is is just kind of like somebody using a computer on your behalf.

That way you can go out and actually do research to find context for these specific reasons and people. That way you also factor in highly believable reasons on top of all this. That's a different lesson though. Long story short, get yourself into the position where you have the clarity of this and just unlock a lot because you're going to need a lot of creative angles to talk to that same exact pocket audience from. That's what you do if you have a small audience.

Now, if you have a large audience, it's more in the context of the oil field analogy. Consider everything that i just said like you've got this pocket, you've got this pocket, you've got these tinier little pockets like this and this as well. The moral of the story is from your perspective when you have more audiences that you can convert. So if you've got a lot of audiences rather than just one type of audience, meaning simply put, there's more than just one type of person that you can realistically sell to. That's exactly what you do.

You do the same exercise but for all those different people many times over. And so simply put, and this is this is a really long lesson made into the simplest words. There's a lot more to this that i could sit here and articulate, but again, like we're going to keep that reserved for the people who actually give us some money. You're still going to get a ton of value from watching this. I promise you that all these pocket audiences, let's say you have audience type number one and two and three and four and etc.

For the rest of all these, you do the same exact thing. You list off all the specific problems, circumstances, and outcomes of those specific types of people because that's the moral of the story with andromeda. I have an entire video on my channel dedicated to andromeda and all of what it entails so you can understand it. If this is a new word to you and you're not familiar with this algo update, make sure you go check out that video because it'll give you a foundational understanding of it and what it requires of you. But just in a simple nutshell, it requires a fuckload more creative than you've ever loaded into it prior.

And it requires diversification in messaging. So you don't get the opportunity to have the efficiency that you've historically had by doing something like just filming opening hooks and then posting the same body in cta. There's a creative solutions specialist that works over at meta. He's on twitter. He's got a couple low thousand followers, but he tweets some great stuff.

And one thing that he recently tweeted was this alpha test they're running. And they're considering rolling out a column in the ads dashboard there that shows you creative that's too similar to one another either visually or in messaging because technically what andromeda requires is diversification in messaging themes and visuals in meta's words. Now, we found from our testing that it really just requires messaging but it doesn't hurt if you're not getting the results and outcomes you want to also factor in the tests of themes and visuals. Either way, moral of the story, once you get to the point where you realize you're going to need, as i said, about 25 to 30 unique creatives every time that you go to launch an ad set, you don't have to do that every time over. Once those one to three ads distribute and take all the reach and all the spend, and they inevitably fatigue and your pocket runs out, you're just going to relaunch the adset and just pull out one to three and you can load up a new one to three.

And then the other 22 to 25 that you loaded up, depending on how many you launched with, will put you in a position where you're now testing all over again. Cuz the smaller ones that didn't get reached that had pennies spent before, they deserve to have spend go to them again. So, it gets efficient after the first time that you do it, unless you find whatever you're running not bringing in the right people. And then you got to go back to the drawing board and consider what are reasons that are probable to actually attract the specific people that you want to have come through that funnel. Messaging is literally everything.

It does all the targeting nowadays. Meta is a broad targeting platform now. Meaning, yes, your targeting is there, but it's counted as suggestive nowadays. Okay? and so what that means is is messaging controls everything.

I hope this video helps you. Go check out all my other videos on my channel. They're far helpful for people that are rich trying to get a lot richer. Check out the links down in the description. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet.

Listen, at the very least, give me a thumbs up and a comment down below on what you thought. Appreciate all your feedback. Go out there and get richer. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The ONLY System You Need To Get 80%+ Of People To Show Up
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5LG8QtpBTs
CATEGORY: Show Rates
============================================================

On the path to improving your show rate, it's really easy to lie to yourself, gaslight yourself into thinking that you did everything you could when in reality there's so much more you can do. Few things on this. You might not be aware of everything you could do. That's where you got to start. Number two, you likely barely did [ __ ] but you can essentially yourself into saying, "oh no, i did everything that there is to do.

I'm not going to do anything else." and you just give up. Either way, in either situation or whether this is just your very first video you're ever watching from me and you're looking to improve your show rates, whether it's for a callunnel, webinar, your low ticket to high ticket connection rates, your lead forms, no matter what kind of show rate it is, even for 3-day challenge funnels or virtual events. These tips and best practices are going to help you and give you the certainty you need to take an aggressive level of action to get your show rate up substantially. My name's jeremy haynes. All we talk about on this channel is cracking million-dollar months.

Whether it's your first million a month or the next million a month, we're here to help you out. We don't make any income claims though or earning guarantees. We don't know who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability to turn money into more money. These are all just lessons that we're handing down from clients who have been there, done that, putting you on game for free right here on youtube. So, thank you for joining in.

Consider subscribing if you haven't done so already. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. It's always a pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's dive in. So, first things first, and i've seen this very frequently within the most recent 3 weeks in my jeremy's inner circle group, and these are highle people.

They make a minimum of 100k a month. We just gave out two trophies for for guys that cracked 5 million a month. And it ranges everywhere in between. Most people average around a couple hundredk a month. And usually those are the guys that gaslight themselves into saying things like, >> "oh, i did everything i could do on show rate and it barely improved." and you go look at what they actually did and it's like 10% of everything that they could have done.

There is an essential perspective that you have to keep when you're attempting to raise any statistic within your organization. It's an evolutionary trait in all of us to buy us towards an inherent energy conservation state. We used to be in a world of limited calories. We didn't have unlimited energy like we do today. And our bodies have not caught up to modern times.

So therefore, our brains, they try to hold us back consistently on gaslighting ourselves or lying to ourselves point blank and trying to justify, oh, we did everything we could do when in reality, you barely did [ __ ] now, when i call people out for doing that and they miraculously right afterwards go take more action, the stat improves. So, you got to start with the understanding that when you take any one of these actions that i'm going to sit here and encourage you to do today, don't just stop at those actions until you actually see the substantial lift in your show rate. Sometimes all it takes is one specific key action that improves your show rate upwards of 30%. In other instances, you might see a lift of like 10% doing one action and then a couple more percent taking another action and you've got to take a handful of actions to get that rather substantial lift. Either way, it's very important to note it can be one thing, but rarely is it one thing.

In almost all instances, it's a stack and a combination of several things at once. So, let's go through a few of these show rate best practices together and we'll break down what you should actually go do. So, first of all, we have my now five-part back-end selling system, but the fifth back-end selling system is currently an inner circle exclusive. So, for now, all you know about here on youtube are the four. My back-end selling system is made up of currently, as i just mentioned, four things.

Number one, we have what we call confirmation page best practices. So, on your confirmation page, you want a few things. Number one, you want what's called breakout videos. Now, this is a great example where people will take a handful of random actions and say, "oh, well, that didn't work." we have some clients that have upwards of 19 breakout videos on their page answering a wide range of questions and they'll see a couple percentage points in lift and show rate and then they'll add that one next video and then bam, they see the substantial lift that they were originally after. So, it's important to note with the breakout videos, the concept is rather simple.

You go talk to your sales team and you say, "what are you guys annoyed that you're having to consistently answer? what are people showing up and asking that feels more like an education question they should know prior to the sales call versus what are you guys finding yourselves having to be repetitive about?" that could be a great place to source some initial information. In addition to that, we have a whole list. We have an entire confirmation page best practices guide that we encourage everybody to go read. That's whether they're in our master internet marketing program or our jeremy's inner circle group or of course a client of ours that has a wide array of questions and ideas for this specific topic.

But i'll give you a few of them. I talk about this one rather frequently. People want to know how [ __ ] they could get doing a deal with you. Okay? yeah, they care about the upside for sure.

They want to know the outcomes that they could generate working with you, but at the end of the day, what's going to hold them back from doing a deal is you not being transparent about what actually occurs if the deal goes bad. That's generally what people care about. That's why when they go to review platforms like trustpilot or go read what real people are saying about you on reddit or find any platform for that matter that has a doomsday scenario review, they go there first in most instances rather than reading the five stars or the four-st star reviews. There's a good joke running inside of the consumer world. And you can see these things on reddit or twitter as great examples of this where somebody who has a perfect five-star review will still be looked at with high skepticism versus somebody who has like a 4.7 is looked at in a much higher regard.

Again, people want to see how [ __ ] they could get doing a deal with you. So, a great way to demonstrate this, make a video transparently showing your dispute rate within your payment processor. Make a video transparently going through refunds and like why you had to refund and whether you actually did the right thing or not in a refund process. I'll give you a great example of this. There's a company that we've used recently for some services and we recommended it to our inner circle group and it's specifically a company that helps with some reddit stuff.

Now, long story short, this specific company claims right on their confirmation page cuz they are like you and they follow my channel and they listen to the things that i say and those things work and they transparently say they have about a 60% success rate in getting something that you pay them to do handled. Now, to be clear, that same company, they'll they'll claim that they have about a 30-day window to accomplish this. Sometimes, give or take the service you buy from them, it could be as little as 72 hours for their guarantee window. Now, not only do they transparently say those two statistics, those two statistics mean nothing if they can't actually prove it, which is what they then do next. They then show people that signed up for them on a specific date and time and those people not getting their service fulfilled and getting a refund on a certain date and time later.

Okay? there's been one instance out of dozens and dozens of people that we've sent to this organization where i've had to contact the ceo and be like, "hey, man, this guy's six days beyond his 30-day window, right? and then they process the refund." now, here's the point that i'm attempting to make even in that example, saying, you know, we occasionally slip up. We had a guy that we supposed to give a refund to after 30 days. We were in the process of communicating with the guy on trying to tell him that we might be able to take it down another way.

Could you tolerate another week? but they were still outside of their refund guarantee window and they refunded it a couple days after the 30-day window. It's like even being transparent about things like that inside of a little breakout video showcasing that you actually do what you say you're going to do. That way people know how bad the deal could be if it goes south. That's a great example of an extremely powerful breakout video.

And by the way, there's dozens and dozens of others of these types of videos that you can throw right onto a confirmation page. I'll give you one more as a great example of a breakout video. Urgency. People need a reason to actually do something and it has to be a highly believable reason that is aligned with their worldview. Meaning it has to be something that you say that makes them think what this person just said is absolutely the truth and i've now got to prioritize this as an action i've got to do.

Nobody really gives a [ __ ] to do anything at a given time besides the things that they have to do because almost all people that you're likely trying to sell to are busy as [ __ ] and therefore they always have something that's a priority and that's taking their current mind share space. Okay, your job is to have a majority or at least a sliver of that active mind share things that they're actively thinking about that they need to accomplish and do. We have a client, his name is j. And j has an offer in this real estate info space. It's teaching people how to do what's called co-living.

Now, without explaining all of this in an elaborate way, i'll simplify it for you. You can take a single family home and instead of renting it to one person or instead of flipping it or all the other things you could do with a single family home, what he would encourage you to do with a co-living model is rent each room. It's kind of like a professional roommate situation. All the shared things become amenities like a living room or a kitchen or even a backyard. Right now.

Most people like you, a rich person watching this are like, "oh, the [ __ ] would anybody do that?" you got to remember, we're in a housing crisis. And believe it or not, a lot of people, not only here in america, but around the world, love that situation when they're tight on cash. Anyway, recent major cities in the united states, rolled back housing restrictions that would have prevented investors from taking advantage of that opportunity. There's news articles that support this. There's the city municipalities themselves on.gov gov websites that show these housing restrictions being repealed and rolled back.

And we took all that data, put it into a confirmation page that we smacked right at the top of that confirmation page for a webinar and for a call funnel. And we told people, look, who do you think has the opportunity to make money and make the most money and literally just have the most opportunity in terms of the power of choice, all of what's available to them to decide on for these homes? the people who take action first right after a housing restriction is repealed and rolled back or the people who wait years and years and years until it's already proven and something that people are already doing within a market that they may want to also participate in. Who's more probable to make more money and have more choice and have more opportunity? the answer is obvious.

It's the person who would take action first rather than later. And that's exactly what we encouraged people to do within this on that confirmation page. We created urgency by leveraging highly believable real life reasons that somebody would say to themselves, somebody smart, somebody rich, somebody qualified would sit there and watch that and say, "makes a [ __ ] ton of sense. Uh, i should definitely go to this guy's webinar if i actually have any base level of interest in doing this." we saw the largest lift in that one video in our show rate for our webinars. It lifted it by about 14%.

That was huge. Little things as an example like other confirmation page videos, breakout videos on this page also help to lift the show rate but only by a few percentage points. Now combine that and we were already over a 20% lift in show rate just between a handful of breakout videos on the confirmation page. Generally the confirmation page is a great place to test messaging assuming that you have a good play rate on these videos. If you host videos in wistia or vidalytics as an example, these platforms will show you the quantity of people that hit the page versus the quantity of people that press play on these videos.

In addition to that, of course, it shows things like the engagement rate, meaning how well did you retain everybody as you sat there and did these. Now, here's the moral of the story. If the confirmation page videos have high play rates, meaning people are seeing it and they have decent engagement rates, meaning people are actually watching the videos to consume that messaging, and you don't see a lift in your show rate, that means they're the wrong videos. That means it's the wrong messaging. It means you're talking about something that people don't give a [ __ ] about.

And this is a very important thing that relates to the very first way i started this video. This is where a lot of people gaslight themselves. They say, "oh, well, i tried breakout videos, jeremy, and i didn't get a lift in show rate." no, you tried a set or a breakout video, and it might have not been the thing that your people actually gave a [ __ ] about. Back to that j example, we had 19 videos. He's that client.

19 videos answering all the questions that the salespeople said came up during the sales process that they felt like would be really helpful for people to know. We reviewed webinar footage and it was the same type of questions. These were the things that people clearly wanted to know. But here's the point. That didn't lift the show rate more than a couple percentage points when we had 19 total videos answering all these common questions.

What raised it 14% was an urgencybased, highly believable reason. And guess what? we didn't get that video onto the page for like 3 months into the deal. You see? so, it's like sometimes, and the most important thing that i want you to really understand about this whole process is you've got to take a consistent action until you get the result and outcome.

You can't just take one action and be like, >> "well, i tried it. You know, i didn't get the result i was after. I guess that's it." >> it's like, no, no, that's not what you do. You take the action until you get the result. So, outside of breakout videos, there's a handful of other things that we encourage on confirmation pages, but naturally, we save that for the people who actually pay us.

I'll still put you on game throughout this video and give you a handful of other great things you could do naturally. But if you are one of those people who do want to pay us to get that certainty you're after to get loaded up with all the strategies and the ideas that you need and to be held accountable to actually do it, check out the links down in the description. If you're rich and trying to get a hell of a lot richer, jeremy's inner circle is perfect for you. If you're somebody that wants to learn all of these types of lessons in extreme depth, check out my master internet marketing class. There's no income restrictions.

We still, to be clear, vet people and make sure that we actually believe in you, that you're actually going to get results with the program when we sell you master internet marketing. You can't just log in and buy it. But again, my point is in either one of these scenarios, those links are down in the description. And you can also preview week one of my master internet marketing class if you're interested in that. It's a great place to train all your staff as well in a very cost-effective way.

Okay, back to a few other things you could do. This is one of five of my back-end selling systems. Okay, i will talk to you about four of those back-end selling systems. Now, confirmation page best practices are one of them. Value dense email sequences is number two.

Now, when you find something that works really well on your confirmation page, that's the testing ground. Again, assuming you have a high play rate and assuming you have a good engagement rate, you can then take that messaging and roll it out to these other three back-end selling systems. Okay? in this particular instance, i want to be really clear. You ideally take what's working on the confirmation page and then roll it over to the other free back-end selling system, value dense email sequences.

So, once we saw that that single urgencybased video worked really well, well, here's the thing. That video only had a 52% play rate. That 52% play rate resulted in a 14% lift just with that single video on the confirmation page. Why not roll it over to the emails? our emails typically will see as low as about a 20% open rate.

A lot of businesses we work with will see about a 40 to 60% open rate on average. Now, factor in that apple has that automatic open thing nowadays inside of their devices when you use that apple mail app, okay? but most people, they don't. Most people use the gmail app or they just use gmail period. That's a dominant amount of users.

So, those are generally accurate open rates. Either way, i digress. The point i'm trying to make is very simple. What works on the confirmation page as messaging that improves the show rate will also work when you roll it over to value dense email sequences. Most email sequences are absolutely whack.

They talk about them in a way where they're just reminder-based communication. >> hey, got your call this time, this date, show up. Uh, hey, your webinars this time, this date, show up. Here's the link. Most of you don't even send off [ __ ] calendar invites for these things because you don't have your deliverability dialed in to be able to do so.

Either way, my point is what these emails prior to a call or prior to a webinar or prior to any event that you want people to show up for should actually be are valuable long form written, not just, hey, here's a video, click on it. Because you'll see link clickthrough rates are still super low, typically single digits in most emails. So, what's that mean? we take the messaging we'd otherwise want somebody to click through to and watch, like in a video, and just break it down into a [ __ ] email. You know how easy this is to do with ai nowadays?

you don't even need a copywriter anymore. You can have somebody who just mans these ai llms that are available to you. Throw your video in there, transcribe it, send a bunch of emails that you've already written that are in your communication style and say, "hey, turn this into a [ __ ] email for me that's going to be in my reminder sequence and leave a place for me to put the time, date, and link to be able to join the call or the webinar in there, too." right? so, it's a combination of a reminder sequence, but it's more so geared towards actually providing like real life value things that people will read and say, "wow, you know, i actually gave a [ __ ] to know that." we can send up to six, listen to this crazy [ __ ] six of these a day. Now, do we encourage you to start with six a day?

[ __ ] no. We encourage you to usually start with about three a day, sometimes four a day. Here's what you're looking for. You want to make sure that your open rates stay the same. As soon as you add a fourth email and your open rate drops, sure, test a different subject line, but it also might have dropped because that was one too many emails.

So, you can push up to about six a day. Also, make sure you're following all local regulations. California has the tcba guidelines and texas also has recent restrictions they've rolled out. I know a lot of you are also international. Everybody over in the eu with the gdpr laws, i'm sure you guys all have a bunch of [ __ ] that you've got to be mindful of in terms of what times of day you are able to communicate with people.

So, be very mindful of that if you do push up to six. But point i'm trying to make. You are able to send up to that many a day because what you are sending is things that people actually would give a [ __ ] to know, things that they genuinely would want to be researching prior to talking to you, not a bunch of [ __ ] and this is another huge thing that you have to understand. This is the part where i tell you again that you will likely gaslight yourself into thinking, >> "oh, well, i wrote some emails and i thought they were valuable, jeremy, and you [ __ ] a bunch of people told me to get [ __ ] and now i was sending too many emails." >> and it's like, "yeah, dude." and then when i go read those emails and i say, "well, let me check them out." every time i read them, to nobody's surprise, they are absolute [ __ ] and they are not things that people would actually want to know. This is what you have to understand about these.

You have to be able to successfully craft information that the person you're sending to genuinely gives a [ __ ] about. Okay? it can't be random. It can't be stuff that you just guess. It has to be things that your customers that are actively researching you, that are actively researching the opportunity, that are actively researching your product and service, genuinely give a [ __ ] about.

So, a great example of this, so many of you sitting here watching this withhold the price until the call. Yet, when they go on google and they search, what's the price of this person's product? you'll let the ai search overview give a random [ __ ] answer that's not even your price. We had a guy just recently, he's in the inner circle, didn't want to reveal his price before a call. There are many people where it's totally justified, just to be fair, where it doesn't make sense to have to reveal your price before a call.

But his customers gave a deep [ __ ] about knowing that price and he still withheld it. When you go into google, this guy had a podcast from like almost 10 years ago where he was talking about a product that he was considering introducing for 5 to 7k. Well, fast forward to late 2025 while i sit here and watch this video and google's ai search overview exists. Now, people go on google, what's this guy's product cost? the ai search overview says this guy's product likely costs somewhere between $5,000 and $7,000.

His product costs $17,000 to $26,000. So, when you look at the discrepancy of somebody who researched your product ahead of time and says, "oh, that's pretty reasonable." they show up to a call and they're like, "it costs what?" there's a huge anchoring bias discrepancy there that's going to occur. And instead of that specific business owner saying, "i'm just going to put out information about my price. I'm going to follow that fifth back-end selling system to start manipulating the ai." we'll talk about that in a separate video. I'm not releasing it to you publicly yet.

It's an inner circle exclusive for now. But anyway, moral of the story is you have to understand that answer is clearly something that people genuinely give a [ __ ] about. That'd be great to write a value dense email sequence for. That'd be great to have a confirmation page video for or it'd be great to nuke the [ __ ] internet of anything that could give an answer and an ai search overview or llm for it. That way that doesn't [ __ ] you and lower your close rate and show rates artificially.

You understand? so again, my point is this is very important you understand this. Value dense emails are meant to be something that's actually valuable, not just a bunch of surface level [ __ ] okay. One of the other back-end selling systems is what we call setter best practices. Now, setters or closers, if you don't have setters to fulfill this role, reaching out before they actually have the call or reaching out to tell them about the webinar and confirm that they're going to show up for the webinar, dramatically improve the show rate to calls and the show rate to webinars and the show rates for any other key event that you're going to have.

Them reaching out though with a nice personalized set of information helps to mitigate the education call from occurring and it turns it into an actual sales conversation instead. If you have a team that tries to gaslight you into saying, "oh, we don't have the capacity to [ __ ] reach out to people prior to the webinar, prior to the call, you tell them to [ __ ] themselves and you're going to replace them until somebody comes into that organization and actually fulfills this role. This is a mandatory back-end selling system. It's free. It is something that improves the show rate by so much.

I've been saying this for years. Have your salespeople send selfie videos prior to the caller, prior to the webinar. That generally improves the show rate a lot. We sometimes have people who take that action and then say, "oh, well, i took that action and it didn't work, jeremy. I guess that's it for me." huh?

it's like, no. It's the same lesson as all these other ones i've talked to you about. Don't gaslight yourself. Change the messaging until you get the outcome. And by the way, there's a reason that there's more than one back-end selling system.

That reason is your specific demographic likely consumes one out of four of these or maybe a handful of four of these in some random combination that you don't know. And this is really important why you do all of them instead of just one or the other. Okay? sometimes people get lucky and they take action on just one and they see the improvement. Sometimes you have to take action on all of them across all four of these in this case until you get the outcome that you're after.

Okay? so anyway, setter best practices is very simple. Have the education call before the actual call occurs. Have the education call prior to the webinar. That's what they're there for.

Reach out and confirm that somebody's going to show up, but don't just do so in a [ __ ] selfish way. That's what you have to understand about all this. When you just call and say, "hey, just want to make sure you're going to show up." >> like, that's not how it works, dude. Book a five-star hotel, go to the four seasons. They'll text you.

They'll email you. They may even call you and they'll say, "hey, what's going on, mr. Haynes? wanted to reach out. Extend a warm welcome from the four seasons of wherever.

Wanted to see if you had any preferences. Wanted to tell us your arrival time. Want to make sure everything's set up for you." well, they don't reach out and selfishly say, "hey, what's going on, man? just wanted to make sure you're going to show up." >> the [ __ ] it's like, no, they say, "hey, mr. Your hands.

Wanted to reach out and see if your wife wanted a cozy robe again. And if you guys still aren't drinking, we can have a nice non-alcoholic bottle of champagne in there for you. I know also in these past days you've had with us in different locations, you've made a note to say that your wife loves chocolate. We'll make sure to have that in the room for you. What time you thinking of arriving and do you need any transportation to the hotel today?

it's like assume the show up, right? hey, what's going on customer? saw you opted in for our training tomorrow afternoon. It's at 3 eastern time. Wanted to check, did you get the calendar invite with the link yet?

or did you get any emails with the link to join yet? it's one of the most common things that people ask when they're stuck unable to join in. They just can't find the link. Wanted to make sure you have it. Is there anything else i can help you with or answer for you while i'm on the call here?

by the way, i took a moment to look you up and i found out that you do this. We had a few people like you who have done this, too. I'm going to send you some information on those guys so you can see their outcomes and what their process was. You know, it's like do something other than just the selfish [ __ ] oh, you got to show up. [ __ ] losers, dude.

No wonder you have a shitty show rate. Okay, last one. My hammer them campaign. This is one of the five back-end selling systems that cost money. There's a second one now, the newest one, the fifth, that also costs money, but again, we'll talk about that in another video.

The hammer them strategy is awesome. We found with all the people that we work with, they had a lot of content, both short form and long form. We also found that they were great talking heads and we could have them sit down and film videos that we needed from them on different topics or questions. The same logic as all these previous three back-end selling systems applies to the hammer them strategy. We take short form content and we take long form content and what we do is we distribute it to people via social media platforms and we shoot for a frequency goal somewhere between about 15 and 20.

So what that means simply put is that we're taking anywhere from 30 to 50 pieces of short form content and anywhere from about 15 to 30 long form pieces of content. Long form like this by the way and we'll take both. Will pay to distribute it into the person's news feed on facebook, instagram. You could do it on tik tok. You could even do it on youtube, man.

You could do it on linkedin. You could do it wherever you can pay to distribute content. And we pay to put it in front of them. And we try to reach them in a high enough frequency between the call time being booked and the call or between the webinar being opted into and the webinar or between the low ticket purchase and the high ticket upsell average sales timeline. And we [ __ ] pump content in front of those people.

But we pick strategic content. The content that we specifically pick. This matters a lot. And this is also important to note back to my original point at hand. You take this action until it works because it works.

You don't take it once and then gaslight yourself into saying, >> "oh, i took the action. It didn't [ __ ] work, dude. I put some basic videos out there that i guessed on and i didn't get the outcome i was after." >> no, you take these actions aggressively and you pursue them to the extent of what is required to get the lift in the show rate. Now, here's the thing. You seek certainty in videos like this, but you won't pay for the certainty to get the actual examples.

You seek certainty in videos like this, but you won't actually get the sops that we have, the training videos on these and put inside of a community with a bunch of people who have already improved their show rates 20, 30, some of them even 40 [ __ ] percent. Right? and so, i want to be extremely direct when i say you now know what you can generally do. But if you choose not to give us money at this point, i want to be very direct in saying you have to figure it the [ __ ] out. You have to actually take the time to rotate your messaging until you actually get the outcome.

Okay? and it's very, very important that you understand this. I tell you this as transparently as i possibly can. I withhold a tremendous amount of data for you here on youtube. And yet, i still put you on more game than every other [ __ ] who charges you money.

This content and what i just told you to do works extremely well. I just encourage that you check out those links in the description. Nut up and actually buy something from us because that's where the real sauce is. That's where all the examples of this are. That's where me being able to step in and help hold you accountable to actually doing these things and making sure you follow through until you get the outcome you're after and being able to help guide you with your specific business and your specific customer type in mind to master the messaging to actually see a huge result.

What's a 20 to 30% lift in your show rate? what's it actually worth? how many dollars would you generate as a result of that lift? that massive [ __ ] improvement in that stat, right? and just know this is one of so many different areas that we can help you with.

So, listen, at the very least, check out all the other videos here on my channel. Subscribe to the channel. We are perfect for you if you're rich trying to get a hell of a lot richer. We've got content that is built for you to be really direct with you. Like i said, if you just want to get to that next level a lot faster by the speed, by the certainty, and by the resources that you need to be able to do so, check out those links down in the description.

Go out there and get richer. Toxic.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The Perfect Sales Page Layout For Challenge Funnels
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CueNYVQcJDc
CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
============================================================

Welcome back to the challengefunnel 3-day virtual event series. In this one, we're going to be going through the sales page best practices. I want to be fair, we're also going to pepper into this video the webinar promotion strategy to a virtual event because you can do both long form sales pages and you could do a webinar promotion strategy. And technically, you can get away with doing both. Just depends on your type of buying demographic and which one might make the most sense for you.

In this video, we're going to go through step by step what specifically each page should have on it. What subsequent steps including order form pages, upsell pages, confirmation steps, even callunnel steps should be included within this process that you are about to endure. If you're new to the channel, all we do around here is talk about hitting million-doll months or tacking on that next million a month. We don't make any income claims, though. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability to go out there and make income.

We don't know if you can flip 5k into 5k. So, long story short, we're not implying you're going to go out there and hit million- dollar months or make any money for that matter because again, we have no idea who you are. There's no earning potential watching this. I'm just putting you on game. If you're already a subscriber, per usual, it's a pleasure to have you here.

I got another banger for you. Without further ado, let's dive in. So, the sales pages, right? there's two things for this. You got the long form sales page and then you have the webinar promotion strategy.

And both of these can technically work. Sometimes one works better than the other. Sometimes they're neck and neck and other times it doesn't even make sense to do one or the other. And we're going to go through what these pages should look like if you choose to endure either one. Let's start with long form sales pages.

So, as described in terms of the funnel flow, let's go through that first. It starts off with a sales page. And again, we'll go through what should be on the actual page in terms of sections here shortly. Sometimes you got the actual two-step order form. Sometimes you just have buttons that click over to the actual order form page.

And usually what you do from there is you have the actual order form itself. In some instances, depending on what you've got, you can do a little bumpell on the order page, too. And again, we'll talk about that here shortly. From there, you have in most instances two one-time offers. And you'll typically have two upsells.

Simply put, you'll have oto1 and you'll have oto2. And then generally from there, most people [ __ ] this up by either just having a sales page and order form and then going to a confirmation page. But the pros, they'll have those order forms with the bump cells. They'll have the two, not one but two, sometimes even more than that, one-click upsells. And then from there, they'll have a confirmation page slash callfunnel.

And right here, they'll embed their vssl and their actual application and scheduleuler. Now, this specific flow, the reason you do this is you're typically trying to maximize your average order value. If you're trying to get as many people as you possibly can to buy your upsells and to obviously buy the vip package rather than the general ticket. And in addition to that, even go as far as booking a call to buy the main thing you're going to try to sell them in the virtual event prior to the virtual event even starting. This is the pro strategy to the long form sales page approach.

Okay. Now, just to be clear, when it comes to the actual pages, okay, there's typically a few things that you want to make sure that you have, and we'll go through those here together. Long form sales pages aren't anything new. If you've been in the internet marketing space for a long time now, you're likely already going to fully understand and be more than capable and aware of all of what should be on this page. But regardless, we'll go through it here together.

So, typically, it starts off with a headline. The headline at the top typically is followed by a sub headline. These are typically claim. Okay, this is typically and not an income claim. Need i say for all you non-compliant [ __ ] watching this thinking you're going to get away with that.

You don't want to put some kind of blatant head headline here that's going to be an income claim. You want to try to steer clear of income claims in general. It's a great best practice. Ideally, what you put here is some type of outcome that somebody wants, okay? or the theme of whatever the whole topic is of the actual event itself.

Now, contrary to popular belief, you don't just immediately throw some kind of big vssl right here. You can, but it's not a vssl application funnel, and that's not really the focal point that we want people to have. Typically, what you do straight away, kind of like a old-fashioned book funnel, is you can have a two-step order form right here, where you literally have step one and step two embedded right here at the very top of the page. Okay? and then this bottom section here, this is where you can have that little check box for whatever the bump cell is going to be.

So, you can do it this way. Okay? okay. In addition to that, you can choose a little different approach depending on what you want to do here. So, usually we have a little character photo over here.

It's just kind of like a supporting photo. And then over here on this side, we generally have a little more text. We have some paragraph text that's below it or bullet point style text. And then usually we have a cta button. This is generally how it starts.

All the better, by the way, if you can get one of those photos that shows a bunch of people on zoom in a grid in the background. Those zoom photos, especially when it's a virtual event. If you've got something with you in front of a big screen, makes you look all the better in terms of being a super professional at virtual events. If you don't, just keep in mind, you live in a day and age where you can just photoshop [ __ ] and that's a good pro tip for the style of this specific image. Helps a lot with the promotion strategy of this whole thing, just to immediately set the tone for what level you're operating at here.

So anyway, once you get that handled, whether you put the two-step order form right there or whether you follow more of this flow, typically what you do from there is you progress down the page is you have a little section that outlines the pricing. Now, the pricing can have two things, okay? it can have the actual pricing boxes and it can also have a timer. There's typically, if you've watched in this series that we've had so far on virtual events and challenge funnels, a strategy when it comes to the promotion cycle of this whole thing. And if you haven't watched that video, go check it out after this.

But with the promotion cycle, usually you have the early bird and then you have extended early bird. Sometimes in there you also have a little bit of a holiday sale. Then you usually have your regular pricing for like one week leading up to it. And then you have lastm minute the fomo pricing which is essentially the get [ __ ] price. Okay?

it's a lot higher than the rest because you want to punish those people for buying late. Now with this typically what you do is let's use the example you're in the early bird phase. You'll have these here like grayed out. You know how something on the internet can look fully colored, pop a little bit, little drop shadow around this tile here, and the other three subsequent tiles that represent what the pricing is going to be and when it's going to be that price. They're grayed out.

That way, the person who's sitting there reading it can easily understand that those aren't real yet. Just to be clear, by the way, super pro tip, this can be a clickable button if you want it to be that leads them over to that two-step order form page or the order form page entirely. Now obviously once you get done with whatever step you were previously at that box then becomes grayed out and the next little tile becomes the one that is real clickable and what represents. Now typically when you have that pricing box there and again you lay out the timer. Okay, the timer allows them to see like how much time is left not until the challenge starts but until the pricing ends for that specific current price point.

Okay, huge pro tip because if you do the timer for the actual challenge, that's typically the farthest, longest timer that you can put onto the page and it doesn't add as much scarcity or fear of missing out. It doesn't really drive as much action comparatively. So, keep that in mind. Now, after that, you typically go through the outcome section, okay? and the outcomes are usually visualized a little differently depending on how you do it.

Like, some people have images and some text and they lay it out like this. Um, some people just lay out like more of i don't know, really depends on your style of design, i guess, at this point. But long story short, you essentially have like the outcomes and then you have what's called the agenda section. Okay? so, if you follow our approach with how we typically encourage you to do these things, you're going to have three full days of content that you are going to promote.

Now, on those days, you typically have bullet points and then what comes with it. Okay? and these really important you understand this like this is where you're promoting what is talked about and when. These titles, okay, these matter a lot. So these titles should all be outcomebased as well.

They should all be like, okay, we're covering this and like this is what specifically the outcome is of us covering that thing. Okay? so therefore, you don't want to cover like all the technical rigar [ __ ] you're going to be talking about. You just want to talk about the outcome. This section we're getting you this outcome.

This section we're helping you with this outcome. This section we're helping you with this outcome blah blah blah you get what i mean so again the agenda section very important very critical section usually from there depending on how you actually execute your challenge some of you are going to have other speakers okay and you're going to have other talking heads and so from there this is where you typically introduce the other people that are going to be talking amongst with you and you want to obviously build some credibility for these people so you have their headsh shot you have their bio and need i not say the most obvious thing which is obviously you want to have speakers that people likely know and if they have no idea who the [ __ ] they are or whether they do know who the [ __ ] they are justify the bio not as some random [ __ ] that the person sends to you to put there. Okay, don't be lazy. You want to put the bio as what specifically that person is going to teach and talk about as it relates to the challenge funnel or virtual event topic. Okay.

So many times when we help clients or we consult with people on launching these funnel strategies, they just ask the person, "hey, send us over a bio, send us over a headsh shot." and they just [ __ ] roll with that and they put it here. You don't want to do that. Okay? you don't want to do that. Now, typically once you go through the speakers, you'll typically have another, we just call it like a generic cta box.

This generic cta box typically has like a block of text with it that's like either just a big headline and a button. Okay? and this is usually just another call to action like, "hey, you know, take action. Hey, it's time." just to be extremely clear, every single section that i've sat here and talked about so far has buying buttons paired with it. This generic cta box is more so a literal headline and a cta button just a little further down the page.

Now, from here, again, you usually reiterate some kind of what's called a pricing table. And so, the pricing table, this is typically where you showcase like what comes with the actual ticket. Okay. Now, for this section in particular, when you look at it, you typically have two main boxes here, okay? you have the general admission ticket, and then you have the vip ticket.

Okay? now, these two prices depending on whatever you're charging at a given time. You're showcasing like this is what comes with general. This is what comes with vip. You know, this is the extra [ __ ] that comes with vip.

This is why you'd want to buy it. Bam. You lay those out there and you be technical with people about what comes with it. Now, just to be clear, from there, you're going to reiterate the same thing. You're going to do that generic uh what do we call it?

if i could spell generic cta box again, headline button. This is by the way best to do with objections. Okay, so when you start to get into this bottom section of the page, you want to start working in objection handling in a different way because you got to think about it like this. If the person's still not sold by the time they reach here, there's probably some very specific [ __ ] that we haven't spoken to them about yet that we're going to want to cover. These could be simple things like do they get access to the recordings or not, right?

and there's a lot of different things that we could technically add as entire sections. If you feel the need to do that, do that. If not, and how most people will end their page is with an faq section. Now, that faq section is usually just a big old list of a question and an answer, right? and when you click on these little boxes, they're like drop-down boxes.

So, it's like just a list of questions. And when they click on it, it expands a little bit and it shows them an answer there. You typically end the page with a final cta section. And again, this is usually just another headline with a button. And that's it.

Usually, that's the flow and the look of these long form pages. Okay? that's generally how you're going to outline these whole things. And you're typically going to have a good time. Now, once you get to the point where you go and get this finished, you obviously have a few other pages that you subsequently need to build out.

You got to build an order form page. Okay. The order form pages can be a little simpler, too. They typically just have either a two-step order form, like step one, fill out your personal information. Step two, give us the additional information that we need like credit card information, sometimes address stuff.

The fewer fields, the better off you are. Name, email, phone on step one. And then whatever you need to actually collect the credit card information on step two on order form page. Okay, you want to have an order bump. By the way, i just want to point out if you're wondering, >> hey jeremy, why don't you just showcase an actual challenge page that we can model from from one of these clients that you have.

>> i only do that for people who pay me, okay? you're here on on youtube for free, you know. Anyway, long story short, the order form pages themselves, two-step order form, little order bump on it, some good old trust badges on that order form page, typically you have something that maybe testimonials as an example. If you've done these a few times, or just testimonials attesting to you as the speaker, that's what you want to put onto that order form page, too. Anything that simply put just helps people say, "i'm in." you also, super [ __ ] pro tip here, okay?

can't even believe i'm giving you this one for free on youtube. If you have setters that can man the chat function, throw one of those little chat bubbles in the bottom right corner of either the sales page or andor the order form page, but 100% the order form page. Have a support email there. Have a support phone number there and have the damn chat bubble on the order form page. You would be impressed to know the amount of people that wanted to buy that didn't buy because they had some kind of tech issue on your page or maybe they had one very specific question that your setter could have sold somebody into.

Okay. Now, just to be clear, another thing that i can't believe i'm giving you for free here on youtube, incentivizing the setters to actually do that. You can pay them like tens of dollars to actually just say, "hey, i sold a ticket." right? essentially, whatever your cost per purchase is, you just double it and pay that to the setter, too, cuz that person probably wouldn't have bought if it wasn't for the setter converting them. Or you can give a very small percentage of a pool.

Okay? let's say out of the total amount of revenue that comes from ticket sales, you give a very small pool to the setters per day that man those chats. Okay, something to consider. So anyway, on your upsell pages, your oto1, your oto2, those one-click offers, all you got to do, really simple to understand this one. Typically, it's a headline, a vssl, some supporting text, another button, and then a little tiny link below that that says something like, "no thanks, i don't want this." your vssl that's on the otto page.

Those upsell pages, that's typically what matters the most. They should be super simple, like, "hey, congratulations. You just bought that thing. Really excited to help you out. I've got this that can complement it.

Let me explain how it compliments it. If you're interested, press the button below. It only costs this much. Really excited to help you out. Talk soon." so, you're complimenting and saying out loud, "hey, you just successfully made that purchase.

Thank you so much. Check out this. Maybe it makes sense." and if you pick the right thing, like we talked about inside of my kpis and expectations video in this series, you're going to have a good time and you're going to have a high take rate. Okay? it's the same thing on the second otto page.

Now, the one step in this whole funnel that i want to make really clear to you is the very last step, which is the confirmation step that can also act as a call funnel. Okay? top of the page has very strong text that just says, "congratulations, you've officially secured your ticket. Check out this video below for further instruction." you filled a custom video there that's like, "hey, thank you so much. You're officially in." whether you got any of that other stuff that we presented to you or not, those were all one-time offers.

So, hopefully you got them. If you didn't, sorry. Um, if you did get them, you know, here's how you access all your stuff. You know, it's kind of like a here's how you get access to all this in the expectations video. What you want to do in addition to that is treat this page as an opportunity right below that section to post the receipt.

And then right below that, you pretty much just copy and paste your vssl that you have in your standard call funnel. Headline vssl application. The application ideally is embedded with auler. Once they schedule their call, take them to a standard call confirmation step following the best practices that we lay out for you in our call confirmation pages. We want you to make sure you have things like urgency videos, breakout videos, testimonials, videos that demonstrate how [ __ ] they could get if the deal goes wrong and all those things.

Check out the rest of my videos on my channel when it comes to confirmation page best practices and my back-end selling systems for tips specifically on that. But again, i can't stress it enough. You can get calls immediately from the people who buy the challenge and you can rapidly ascend them before the actual virtual event starts to get some people to buy the main thing that you're going to pitch in the challenge in the first place. This specific flow, when you combine it with some of the expectations that i've talked about in the kpi expectations video in this whole series, you're going to have a good time. You can typically be very profitable going in and working with a flow like this on a page.

Obviously, if your page conversion rates are sucking booty, you want to make sure that you run some cro tests, okay? conversion rate optimization is your best friend and being willing to split test these things to drive down your overall cost per purchase and drive up your overall conversion rate on these pages. Okay, so if you follow the best practices of long form sales pages, you're typically going to have a good time. The other very important thing to consider is the webinar strategy. So if you choose to do the webinar strategy, it's a very different approach.

Okay, so the webinar promotion strategy for an actual like virtual event and challenge funnel i think personally is like super silly. But i will be very fair and saying i don't want to be right. I just want to make money. It's a golden rule that i follow. And i have seen different businesses that we've worked with in the inner circle specifically that we have that have failed to convert people through long form sales pages and they've only converted people through webinars.

And in that approach, you typically have a drastically higher cost per purchase because there's many more steps of friction in the process. You don't just have to be a major personal brand or a major brand to pull off a successful, profitable cost per purchase on a long form sales page. You have to have a dialedin sales page. Now, the specific instances that i'm thinking of inside my jeremy's inner circle offer for these members that only got webinar promotion to work for them, they come into the inner circle and they tell me they have these like shitty agencies that don't really do that good that to be fair to them encourage the webinar promotion strategy over the long form sales page strategy. And so, they've likely just gotten better at that comparatively to strengthening their skill sets with long form sales pages.

So anyway, i think it has more so an indication of who they've chosen to work with is the point i'm trying to emphasize with that. More so than like it wouldn't work for anybody and only one or the other sometimes works. But regardless, now obviously on the webinar page, your kpi is going to be your opt-in rate, and that's something that's very important to consider. It's a huge point of friction within that process. The lower it is, the higher cost per opt-in.

You then have your show rate that you have to consider to the actual webinar. You then have the actual webinar itself that occurs. And here you have your overall conversion rate. And typically, and believe it or not, you typically have the same exact steps from here. So, you take people over to an order form page.

Usually in the webinar itself, one of the big value components of doing it through a webinar rather than to a long form sales page is you're going to get a higher take rate for vip because you're sitting there and you're selling to people in real time on a webinar. So, you can justify the vip a little more than you would through a long form sales page. So typically a benefit of the webinar promotion strategy, you get a higher quantity of people to do vip. You can still do the same thing here and you can have a little bump sale. Again, you can typically do the same exact thing and you can have your one-click offers and even better than that, you can actually tell people about those offers.

And even better than that, again, you can follow every subsequent step that follows with the callfunnel steps with the confirmation page factored in. So, all this leads you to most instances a higher quantity of vips, a higher cost per purchase, but for some people, it's the really only way to actually get their challenge funnel tickets to sell. Most of the time, it's when you have a really shitty long form sales page, a really shitty team that you've hired that's just doing a terrible job at cro actions and like building good sales pages. But hey, whatever. You got what you got, you know?

so whichever one you choose to go with, this is typically the best approach to the actual sales page strategy, whether it's the long form page or the actual webinar page when it comes to the best practices of both. Execute these successfully. You're going to have a good time. And of course, if you want to have actual examples of this, you're going to want to get access to my challenge sop and all of our consulting that we do inside of programs like my jeremy's inner circle offer. We also give out the sop and talk extensively about challenge funnels inside of week one of our master internet marketing class.

Both of which there's links for down below. At the very least, whether you are here and just trying to consume value for free, go check out the other videos in this specific series on these 3-day virtual events, challenge funnels, and all the other videos on my channel. Go out there and get rich.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: The SMART Way To Scale To $1M/Month (Without Burning Cash)
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KKL9NZvSeo
CATEGORY: Strategy
============================================================

The risks of scaling. Sometimes your salespeople string you up by the balls and they'll have you spending money to fill their calendars up. Meanwhile, you don't have your tracking dialed in. You're getting absolutely burnt every single time you book a call onto their calendars and you have no idea. Sometimes that happens.

In other instances, you start scaling. You try to gaslight yourself into thinking, "i'm hiring a players. I'm hiring the best people i can afford." your payroll's inflated more than you could possibly have ever considered into the high hundreds of thousands. Maybe you even cracked a million in payroll depending on who you are sitting here. And you're thinking to yourself, i got the best people i could possibly get.

And then couple months go by and you realize you hired a pack of [ __ ] idiots that have started to run your business into the ground. In both of these situations, these are some of the risks of scaling. They become a highly politicized thing that involves emotions to make the necessary cuts. Everything starts going so much faster as you scale. And so it becomes a little bit more chaotic and a little less dialed in and you have a little less clarity than you ever have before and you've started the process to finally follow that age-old advice.

Hand things off to people instead of doing it all yourself. And sometimes these things can blow back on you. In addition to stories like these, there are plenty more risks to scaling. And in this specific video, we're going to be going through them. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is cracking milliondoll money.

We don't make any income claims because we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you literally have any probability to go out there and make any money at all. We're talking to people who are ideally already cracking a couple hundredk a month. You might even already be at a million a month looking to tack on the next millie. You're in the right place if that's you. But again, no earning potential, no income claims.

You're not going to watch a [ __ ] youtube video and make boogie bucks. Okay, moral of the story is welcome back to the channel if you're already a subscriber. Without further ado, let's dive in. Just recently, we had an inner circle member that's part of jeremy's inner circle group joins in in the month of july. And i start digging into their business and i find very quickly that they have no idea what they're doing from a tracking perspective.

Their tracking is lagging and it's inaccurate at best. Okay. Now, to be clear, they're in the middle of scaling is what they tell me. So, they go through the month of august just gassing the ad spend. As a matter of fact, they're not even really doing it from the perspective of everything's profitable at scale.

They're doing it from the perspective of the sales team's going to quit if their calendar's not full. And that's what the sales manager keeps telling this specific inner circle member. They just keep saying, >> "look, i got a few guys that are about to quit. You know, the calendars aren't full. We got to dial in the calendars.

I got to get this thing cranking." >> okay. Salespeople get paid. How? how do you pay your salespeople? almost every organization we work with pays them on a gross percentage of the revenue that they can generate typically off cash collected.

Some of them even front cash depending on a payment plan, but hopefully that's not you. Either way, moral of the story is you're typically paying your sales team on gross commissions. Okay? so whether you are technically netting any money every time you book on a call onto their calendars, they make money regardless. The incentives for the sales team inside of any inbound sales and advertising process that you've got.

Book a call funnel, webinars, challenge funnels, dm ads, low tickets, a high ticket, whatever it is. Okay, the incentive, they make money regardless. They just have to close a few deals. Okay, now here's the thing. You'd think the incentives align to try to make sure that you net as much as possible, but there is literally no incentive beyond i need these people to give me more calls onto my calendar so i don't have to sit around and do outbound calls all day.

That's the only real incentive that exists from a net profit perspective that the sales team would give a [ __ ] about. And most of them are oblivious to that. All they do is just consistently come to you and tell you, you got to fill the calendar. You got to fill the counters. So again, your tracking is not that doubt and you start to press the gas and then bam, the month of august concludes.

You bring in somebody, a forensic analysis is done on your accounting and your overall tracking that you've got. You finally have the clarity you need starting in the month of september. You look and you see you lost $111 every single time you booked a call into those closer calendars. Now, this was not with a light amount of ad spend, by the way. This was not with a small organization, a specific organization.

In the month of august, they put up $250,000 on to the vssl funnel. They went from about $7,000 a day in ad spend on just the vssl funnel all the way up to $12,000ish dollars a day in ad spend. Booking calls onto those closers calendars. >> closers, of course, promise in the world to get us more calls, of course, we'll generate more revenue. Revenue technically came in, but it didn't exceed 250.

Didn't exceed $250. That specific member, they lost $111 per call. Now, they go into the month of september absolutely fed up. They tell the sales team, "go, [ __ ] yourself. Fire whoever you need to fire.

Let whoever needs to quit quit. We don't care." and they realized through the tracking and the accuracy of their reporting that obviously they weren't going to run their business that way. But because they didn't have tracking dialed in before that, they couldn't have made that decision in real time. And they burnt just above just above about $100,000 in ad spend. Just vaporized it.

But all the sales people walked away profitable that month. And businesses, i see this all the time at slightly larger scales than that. At smaller scales than that, usually happens at smaller scales because respectfully, usually people who are at an aggressive level of daily ad spend or at the least couple hundred grand in ad spend, they got their tracking dialed in for the most part, right? but that's the thing. That's kind of one of the risks of scaling is this first point is you go too fast.

Okay? and as a result of going too fast, you put yourself in this position where everything gets bigger so much quicker than it ever has in the past. And it's not one thing at a given time. All amplifies at once. Your refund rate might stay the same, but the quantity of refunds goes up.

You have an illusion in your head when you look at it like it's a lot more people refunding than ever before. Right? at the same time, your sales team's pressing you, hey, i got people that are going to quit if we don't get more calendars. We got to fill up the more. We got to fill up all these spots on the calendar.

Fill them up. Fill them up. You're like, okay, yeah, go ahead. You're not even really looking. Okay, there's holes that used to be this big that as you scale, they expand.

I'll give you a crazy metaphor just to give you a perspective on this so you have a visual of it. Okay, did you know that any girl with a belly ring, if she gets pregnant, that that little tiny hole, the little tiny hole that the belly ring is in, that piercing expands? look up a crazy photo. This was not a willful photo that i wanted to see myself. And editors, please do not share a photo of this.

It's [ __ ] yucky, okay? it's just yucky. But again, my point is is like that little tiny piercing hole that you never otherwise would think would be as crazy looking as it is if they got pregnant, as an example. It's like that's what happens when you scale all the time. You got tiny little holes that you don't even realize.

But all of a sudden, as things just get bigger far faster, you're like, "oh [ __ ] like look at that. Oh my god, i don't want it to look like that." and then because there's so many of these that typically happen at once, you don't follow the best practice that you should follow, which is you've got to prioritize what has the most impact. And you've got to also learn how to strategically place the right people in. Let's keep it real. As you scale up dramatically, okay, 15k a month, maybe even 25k a month payroll positions that you used to think, how the [ __ ] are people buying those?

who's paying that? right? you're now, without even considering it, willful to throw that amount of money at people. And you think, well, hey, if i hired somebody in that specific range, they've obviously got to be the best. And you likely omit the fact that there's still some training, that there's an adaption curve that has to occur, that there's some accountability that these people typically need to be their actual best self.

And even the people that you hire in these roles, like, they'll openly admit these things. They don't hide it. Everybody loves being held accountable to be their best self when they're a true a player. But here's the illusion, right? again, you're going so fast that you are willing to spend those amounts of money.

And so you start to ask your network, hey, i need somebody to do so and so. I need i need this person who can handle that. Who you got? and you get some advice from people that you know, you loosely have heard revenue numbers from and you think, well, this or that person, you know, they're doing well. Let me get a referral from them.

They are operating in the same kind of way where they're loosely gaining affiliation and a network as time passes, but they haven't really vetted these people out. They haven't really like worked with these people at a high level. A lot of it's just hearsay. A lot of it's like, "oh yeah, i know so and so or i know such and such or that person." when you ask, they ask like two or three other people and they're like, "hey, do you know anybody?" and it's like people like to be helpful. And so the people that you ask these questions to, like they'll contribute somebody to you in most instances, but like again, is that somebody actually good?

or if you can't find somebody from the network and you look to bring in these people, you're going to try to convince yourself that they're the best person that you could have hired for that specific role that you've now placed them in. We had this friend of ours and i mean, my god, this was a catastrophic failure of a story. Okay, this guy scales all the way up to five plus million dollars a month at damn near the speed of light. Scientists could have studied this man's growth and found some lessons there about quantum speed. Okay, this guy went from literally nothing and in a year, that was how long it took.

Only a year, okay, a fraction of time, which by the way, again, i'm no in any way, shape, or form implying you're ever going to even remotely come close to the speed of this. Okay, but this guy gets $5 million a month in under a year. And holy [ __ ] did he make some of the most dumbass decisions in hindsight that you could observe and reflect on to find lessons in. Okay, guy started traveling internationally at a high rate. Guy started to really [ __ ] off.

But why did he [ __ ] off? cuz he had the illusion. He gas lit himself into saying, "no, i have he was at $1.3 million a month in payroll." just in payroll. 1.3 million a month in payroll. Of course, he has the illusion that he's got the best possible people he could have.

From individuals in a trench level role to managers like middle managers to highle executives that are supposed to operate at each level and have the accountability in check. No, no, no, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, most of these people inside of these like mid-manager and executive roles made some of the most dumbass decisions that you could observe happening in a business at this scale. So much dumbass [ __ ] happened repeatedly, day in and day out. Now, you had people like me that were in this business observing this stuff.

And keep in mind, i'm not like on the payroll as an employee. It's like we're just like a contractor vendor in this case, operating as an agency in the deal. And we look, and this is one of my friends, one of my good friends. I tell the guy, i'm like, "look, man. I think there's a bunch of dumb asses that you have in these roles, and like here's why." okay?

and this guy completely dismisses the feedback of people like me, and it wasn't just me, there were a handful of other people that were in the business that all said the same thing. Now, this business not only absolutely implodes on itself, okay? and fails, does not exist today, okay? it failed at lightning speed. Can't even put to words how fast it felt like it unraveled, okay?

and again, it's falls under this umbrella lesson of the guy was going too fast, but from a different perspective, rather than the going too fast being, well, let's load up the sales team's calendars without the visibility of whether this is profitable or not to, okay, well, this guy thought he hired the right people. And by thinking he hired the right people, he operated from that perspective of i can [ __ ] off, you know, i can live the the dream that we've all been told about as business owners that exists that for some reason very few of us have ever actually experienced in reality of the ability to just completely detach, okay? that we have perfect people in place and we never have to do anything other than just get some kind of report sent to us about how [ __ ] awesome everything is while it all still perpetually grows. Okay? and i can't stress this enough.

This is the other thing that you really want to make sure you understand is handy down beliefs. Okay, handy down beliefs. Perfect little bridge for you here with that last part. The illusion of what you've heard trying to be materialized in what you build can violently [ __ ] you. Okay, violently [ __ ] you.

It puts you into a terrible place to project on to what's currently going on in your operation. Like, let's keep it real, right? it's like your operation, you got a tight-knit group of people that are running the team. You're pretty involved, right? every time that you've tried to [ __ ] off, you've learned the hard way that you can't and you've therefore got to stay involved, right?

which might just mean something as simple as holding people accountable, doing some training here and there. You're not a [ __ ] coal miner. You know, like you're not having to go out there and do actual crazy hard work. You're having to click buttons. You're having to send voice notes.

You're having to do zoom calls here and there. You know, it's nothing remotely close to crazy. But what you start to do is you start to have this illusion that you project on to what your business could be. Okay? and instead of trying to stay at a high level of involvement, what you start to do instead is you start to try to detach a bit, okay, and you see the effects, like you start to see the cracks in the wall as soon as you do every time.

And the bad part is this is where it kind of goes bad. It's a huge risk of scaling. Instead of acknowledging those cracks and being willing to jump back in, the feeling and desire to be able to get to the point where you can actually detach puts an illusion over that wall. Makes it so the cracks are invisible to you when in reality they're getting worse and worse and worse by the day. Okay, big-time risks when scaling happen all the time from handy down beliefs.

We have a cfo that just recently joined a client account of ours. Okay, and we're all for cfos. We love accountability, especially when it comes to reporting and tracking and like we love that kind of stuff. Not trying to in any way, shape, or form demonize cfos, but in this story, the cfo is absolutely a demon for sure. Okay, so the cfo comes in.

We spent for this particular client a little over it was a little over $700,000 like a hair over okay in a month and it was very profitable it was just shy of 4 to1 profitability some funnels were a little higher some funnels were a little lower none of them were unprofitable all of them were profitable now here's the thing cfo comes in immediately with a narrative that facebook instagram meta is a succubus and just sucks the life out of businesses that actively spend money on it and it does nothing other than just leech and leech and leech and that it should be something that's minimized and hedged against. Well, that's $700 plus thousand dollar that was spent on meta at a profitable rate. That business made more in that particular month than they ever had prior. They hit a record month from that 700k being spent. They had more profit that they were able to walk away from as a business than they ever had before because of that $700,000 spent on men going into good old mr.

Zuckerberg's pockets. Okay. But with a smile on our face because again returned profitably. This cfo projecting this [ __ ] belief from who knows where. It's like because again the reality of the situation, the actual wall itself in this case was sturdy as [ __ ] okay?

it was a beautiful wall made of solid gold. This cfo came in and she projected an illusion onto the wall that it was like slimy and gross and should be stayed away from and we shouldn't we shouldn't have anything to do with that. You know, that was the illusion. We get word from the business owner going into the next month that the budget for that month was going to be $75,000 on paid ads. I look at that text.

I i called the business owner. I go, "what the [ __ ] is this? what are you talking about? like, why are you making this decision?" client goes, "don't worry about it. We're going to pull back from facebook.

We're going to allocate more spend towards other channels. I want you to spend this much on this channel, this much on this channel, this much on this channel." and i go, "client, you just spent like, we can do all that, too, but it's like why why are we rugging the budget for something that just hit your record?" and this client goes, >> "oh, don't worry. We're going to be able to make up for that organically." okay. So, i tell a client point blank, i go, "this is dumb as [ __ ] this makes no sense, but hey, i understand right now in this whole like narrative that we're living in based on what you're believing in currently. I'm probably looked at as some kind of villain.

So, look, i understand you're probably not going to listen to anything i'm saying, but i just want to make it known. This is my take on this whole thing. Let's let this next month play out, but it's going to be a hard set of lessons." clients are like, "oh, don't worry. We'll be fine." dude, next month goes by and the client just as anticipated contracts hundreds of percent. Like it was brutal the lesson.

Okay. And that you think like, oh, the cfo is going to get fired and like this this narrative is going to just like go away and vaporize, but it's like no, the client and the cfo and like the other executives in this business, they commit further onto that narrative of, >> oh, well, this happened because >> and it's like, oh my god, there's a great book. It's called vital lies and simple truths. And it talks about how when you're in pain psychologically or physically, we'll do whatever it takes, including lie to ourselves to retract ourselves from reality, create a false world to participate in that doesn't have the pain. Okay, that can be good in a lot of senses, but when it comes to business, like you never want to lie to yourself.

You want to be as tapped into reality as you can possibly [ __ ] be at all times to make real-time decisions on how things actually are in the real world, not in some [ __ ] fantasy land that you're projecting onto things or some evil hellscape that you're projecting onto things when in reality it's the exact opposite of whatever you're trying to put onto it. Handyown beliefs come in so many different shapes and sizes. And we've seen it so many times over. I've told a story on this channel before about one of our clients from, you know, several years ago at this point. I think it's been almost eight, nine years at this point.

And this guy had a belief with an offer that was at a couple million bucks a month that like that specific offer type only has life for a year. Okay? there's not a single [ __ ] thing in reality that agreed with that thesis. But this guy had a handy down belief that that was the case cuz he heard it from soand so who he believed to be credible and and an authority figure, right? in reality, we were already like almost two years deep on that offer and it was [ __ ] ripping.

Still wasn't a thing in the world that could stop that thing. Besides the client absolutely sabotaging it from taking that belief and turning it into actions. Okay, beliefs cause wars. That's what you have to understand about how critical your beliefs really are for shaping behavior. And your organization has key people that also make decisions on behalf of the company where their beliefs also have to be monitored, managed and maintained in a specific frame to benefit.

Okay? because again, our actions follow whatever our beliefs are. Okay? handing down beliefs insane in terms of the liability that they create. Let's go on to the last one here in this video.

And let me be really clear when i say this, okay? this is not chronological. This isn't like some ranking system. Each one of these has a serious and significant weight. And i don't want to make one sound more important than the other.

But i will say this, this next one to me based on how often i talk about it is extreme for how much i typically see it hurting somebody. Okay? and that's scaling too fast. Okay, when you when you couple scaling too fast with this whole second half, which is not doing the math. Okay, we have financial models for every client at every point in time for every specific funnel.

We have week-week tracking documents that we use. We have some proprietary ai that we also leverage to be able to have real-time analysis and create essentially like an automated alert system when real-time kpis fall outside of the financial model kpis without having to rely just on people to be able to say with like a lagging indicator, hey, this is outside of our kpi. And we then try to make real-time decisions on these things like what needs to happen next. Okay? if you couple like i'm spending too much too quickly without actually having done the math, you are going to have a bad time because if you go from let's use the example in this math here.

Okay? let's say you're spending a wholesome $50,000 a month in ad spend. Okay, a respectable amount of money and you're ready to go balls to the wall here. You're ready to throw them onto the table and see if that roi you've got at 50k holds at 200k. Got a little bit of extra cash and you're ready to throw it down.

Okay, so you start scaling them. That right there is a huge mistake. It's like go into your financial model and do the math and have what's called flex stats. Okay, project the current stats to be a little bit worse than they currently are now. That cost per lead, that cost per call, make it a little higher in your financial model.

Your show rates, make them a little worse. You got to remember like we have i'll give you a perfect story of this exact situation for why this matters. We have a client, they were at when we first met these people, they were at about 120k a month. Okay, this guy, if you talk to him, he'll say, "this guy changed my life. This guy helped me so much." we got him all the way up to just shy 2 mil a month.

Got him to about 1.6 6 1.7 mil a month, give or take the month. Okay, that entire time we had the math dialed the [ __ ] in as we would go from like low tens of thousands of dollars in spend to like literally half a million dollars a month in ad spend as an example on some months. We would factor things in like, okay, well, our audience is probable to change somewhere in this threshold of tens of thousands of dollars a month and a couple hundred thousand a month. So we need to prepare our statistics, our systems, our sales team, our marketing assets to be able to sell to people that are more in a needsconed category rather than an inmarket demographic. And so rather than being in a reactive position, right, which is a big point of this third one that i'm making, which is like reactivity versus being proactive in comparison, okay?

every single time, like think about this. Ready? we're going from tens of thousands a month to hundreds of thousands a month in ad spend. We're going to grow the [ __ ] out of that revenue as we scale up. There's going to be a shift in audience type.

Would i rather have that shift occur and then just have my sales team start to say things like, >> "yeah, people are coming in a lot colder. Sales cycles seem a lot longer." we're noticing that there's just longer periods of time uh for people to make a decision. And it requires like a lot more convincing to get people over the fence. >> would you rather then be like, "okay, i got to make all this [ __ ] for the needs convinced category. I better start studying all jeremy's videos on the needs convinced category of cold markets." you know, i like that's that's reactive.

You're behind if that's the case. But what's probable to occur in those situations is you're probable to still keep trying to gas the spend. Okay? and when that occurs, that's where you [ __ ] yourself in this specific example. Okay?

if you manage to understand, there's like threshold math that i want you to become a master in. Okay? where you don't just think to yourself, "oh, i spent 10k a month. Time to [ __ ] scale to 200k a month in ad spend." and everything's just going to stay the exact same. I had a great video on my channel recently where i talked about what's called the scaling trough, right?

which is this illusion that like after you start to spend a little more that your rorowaz is going to hold it's it's actually probable to drop like your stats are probable to get a little worse and then that's where most people revert back to the lower level of spend whereas in comparison if they pushed through that if they pushed through that little trough where the roi drops a little bit there's a floor to it where all your stats all of a sudden hold and you've adapted your sales and marketing systems around a slightly colder audience that's a bigger audience okay it's kind of like fracking in texas in all our oil fields here in that specific state in the united states, there used to be these big old oil pockets where all you had to do was so simple. All you had to do is just take a well, dig it down a few hundred feet. You're in a little pocket like a like a ocean, like a little mini ocean. Okay? not even a lake, a big old [ __ ] pocket of oil.

You just suck it out of the ground. Easy game, right? well, through time, those big old pockets of oil just rest in there. They ran out. And you know what they had to do instead?

they had to introduce what's called fracking, right? which has now caused some earthquakes throughout texas and oklahoma and like some of these little pocket areas where they do fracking at. Fracking is crazy. It's actually a really interesting process if you look up how it works. They don't just get to drill down straight.

They kind of have to drill down sideways. The oil is in these little shelves and they take water in some instances because there's a lot of water content inside of most of these little pockets, right? they're just not as concentrated in terms of the oil and they have to suck it out. They take the water because some of these some of these little pockets have upwards of 90% water and 10% is actually the oil they want. And they take the water out and they blast it right back down into the ground and it creates like a huge pressure pocket that gets some of that other oil that's stuck in those shelves to a point where they can suck it out of the ground and extract it and then pump the water right back down.

Dude, some of these things have caused geysers from how much pressure they've put under the ground. Some of them have have caused little issues like this, right? you think the oil companies were just like, "oh, let's just pull fracking out of our ass when they started to run out of the giant oil pockets they were just casually drilling into." it's like, "no, dude. I bet they knew about fracking a decade before they ever actually needed to pull it out of their pocket." they just said, "well, let's save that until [ __ ] gets a little worse." right? well, not in your business.

In your business, you just run square into the problems, you know? you just run [ __ ] square into every wall that you come across. And every time your team, you ask them, you're like, "how the [ __ ] did we not anticipate getting [ __ ] this hard?" and your team's just like, "well, i mean, you know, it's like be a little proactive for once in the business." okay, you choose to be proactive. It's a big difference between just naturally being a reactive donkey versus for once trying to anticipate problems and building assets for things that may or may not occur, but when they occur, you already got all the [ __ ] you need, right? couple some of these beliefs together.

Like take that logic of, >> oh, i want to detach and do [ __ ] all in my business >> to, okay, i may not need to do every single thing in the business that's happening right now, but if i did start to have that executive foresight to be able to anticipate of these potential problems that i could run into or that i'm probable to run into, and i built out assets for them, i'd likely be in a much better spot. We'd already have everything we need. We could immediately adapt and we could continue the scaling process at the rate we are. And that's where you really conclude to the fact that you simply just don't know what you don't know. You can take that logic and just say, you know, i genuinely don't know everything that there is that i'm probable to run into.

My bet would be though that you do have a pretty good foresight on all the things that could [ __ ] you, right? my bet would be that you do have the awareness that there's a finite amount of people at a given time that are probable to just convert when they see your ads and that there's some of them that are going to require a little more convincing and therefore need different assets from a marketing and sales perspective. Might require completely different funnel, right? and it might require somebody in the business to actually say, "i'm going to take the time to start anticipating. I'm going to take the time to start studying how i could get [ __ ] and build those things out now instead of later." okay?

so, when things are good and you're trying to make them even better, you keep them at the rate they are in terms of things being good and things being better by anticipating what's probable to [ __ ] you. Okay? and in this video, i've covered three of these things, but of course, there's so many more. And i can also help you lead yourself and your team to the awareness that's necessary to scale at the rate in which you likely want to grow. But i do that here on youtube with a fraction of what i could otherwise teach you inside of my paid offers.

Down in the description of this video and every video that i have, you'll find a few things. You'll find jeremy's inner circle, which is an opportunity to join into a mastermind group. I do my one-on-one calls there. I do twice of those a month with you. We do weekly group calls.

They're each about an hourish long, some of them a little longer, some of them just a tad less. They're on lessons built for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer on problems just like this, but extreme depth. Okay. We also, of course, have four times a year a mastermind event. One day we come up here to the penthouse.

The other day we go over to our facility. It's a big old rectangle, 220in screen on the wall. Church chairs, some of the most comfortable chairs you'll ever sit in at an event. I assure you that. A pool table perfectly leveled for the exact area it's in.

A ping pong table. Great networking. We have what we call the flex fest outside. Do those four times a year. The top of every quarter.

We record them all. You got a vault full of all the history of this group. Got a very active group chat. Got jeremy ai. There's also a program down in the link in the description.

It's called master internet marketing. It's a 7-week class. Extremely indepth. Each class is about 3 to five hours. There's homework libraries in between each live class.

There's a lot of information in there. And if you're just looking to get your digital marketing skills sharpened up, it's a great program for you. We don't have any income qualifiers. We just got to make sure that you can actually afford the program. We'll sell it to you.

Jeremy's in her circle though. No, we got a lot of restrictions for that comparatively. So, you got to apply to join that. You have questions for us, we got questions for you. Let's see if it's a good fit.

Check out those links down in the description. And of course, either way, go check out some of the other videos here on the channel. They're all perfect for you if you're looking to scale up big time. And we go through all kinds of stuff. Go check out and see for yourself.

And either way, get rich. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: These 5 Businesses Scaled To $1M–$5M/Month, Here's How They Did it
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGZOsllxIIs
CATEGORY: Case Studies
============================================================

Just recently, we had a jeremy's inner circle mastermind right here at the new facility. And we had not one, two, three, four, but five total trophies that we had given out to our award winners. Three of which were $1 million a month trophies. Two of which were $5 million a month trophies. The big silver ones that you see here, those ones are made of pure silver, and those are the $5 million a month trophies.

The ones that you see that are gold, those are the $1 million a month trophies. And in this particular video, i'm going to talk to you about the lessons of each one of these five different trophy winners. We're going to talk about the commonalities amongst them all. We'll talk about the specific funnels that they use to get there. And i'll lightly talk without revealing too much detail out of respect for the trophy winners privacies of their business model and the fact that they share a lot of intimate lessons with me.

I'm not here to sit here and air out their business. I'm here to give you some common lessons that these people share that you can take away after you watch today's video. So, welcome in if you're new to the channel. That's all we talk about around here is clearing million-dollar months. We don't make any income claims, though.

We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you literally have any probability to go out there and make money, let alone this amount of money that you see here. It's a very low probability, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, that you ever hit these big dog numbers. To crack 10 million a year, which isn't even a million dollar a month. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that 0.1% of all businesses ever achieve those numbers, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that hit a million dollars a month and the way way smaller probability that you'd ever clear $5 million a month in the lifetime since 2019 through right now as i sit here and make this video of having jeremy's inner circle. I've given out a total of four $5 million a month trophies.

One of which has since gone bankrupt. Just to put it in perspective from how crazy that business model was. I just can't stress enough. I'm not sitting here trying to say you're going to make a fuckload of money by watching this video. Just trying to hand down lessons from these people since nobody really talks about this kind of stuff transparently.

So, thanks for being here. And of course, if you're already subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's get started. So, first of all, the $5 million a month trophies are pretty serious winners.

And we'll start with those two. Okay, so first of all, i'm not going to say the names of these particular people because everybody on earth is currently trying to copy their specific model. It seems like every single agency owner, course, and mentor that existed abandoned trying to teach the traditional agency model and started to attempt to teach an agency ai model where essentially instead of selling traditional digital marketing services and agency services, they're selling essentially ai service implementation. So that can be as simple as setting up specific make and zap automations and trying to call it ai or to be fair leveraging ai throughout the zaps and make make.com to be clear is what i'm referencing by the way for those who might not know about it. Anyway, long story short, all the way over to like nadn, simple things like, you know, llm structures and ai agents, there's all kinds of stuff that an ai service can technically sell.

Moral of the story is the first $5 million a month winner. That is what they chose to do. They historically had a model where they taught agency owners and they were one of the first, if not literally the first that chose to pivot into this niche. And it was a great move to do so. I don't think it's nearly as great of a move, of course, given the total quantity of people that now sell that.

It's becoming just like the traditional agency course model where there's arguably without exaggeration probably low tens of thousands or high thousands of people that teach the agency model. Moral of the story is and this is all i'm trying to emphasize with these guys. Earlier this year in january they were at 500k a month. Okay, they got that $5 million a month trophy. They finished july at $5 million a month which is truly [ __ ] insane.

Just to put that in perspective. Okay, can't stress that enough. The emphasis i want to put on this just to be extremely clear. The probability i don't even know a number. I'm not going to make up a number.

You probably don't know a [ __ ] number. I don't know if anybody knows the number of the odds of taking a business from half a million a month to 5 million a month in technically a 7-month period of time. But again, in terms of probabilities, like it's got to be near impossible. Okay, but they pulled it off and they did it from a few key things that i want to make sure i hand down. Okay, number one was a big thing.

They pivoted offers, which surprisingly is something that you don't really want to do because there's a higher probability you're going to reach success by tweaking everything that's necessary with your current offer, scaling your offer. But there are certain things that when they come around make a lot of sense to try to latch on to if you manage to latch on to one of the trends that actually lasts. The issue is there's a lot of stuff that comes around that's like a flash in the pan. Like imagine, as an example, you created an entire youtube channel around lab boooos, right? it's like it's going to be a flash in the pan kind of trend.

Okay, and there's all kinds a majority of trends are like that, like lab boooos. Okay, there's a minority of trends that come around where they're going to ingrain themselves into society forever. And ai is a great example of that. Google trends is an example of this. You go search right now anything in google trends.

Search ai against it. Like whatever you think the most popular things are possibly on earth, search ai against it in google trends. Take the span of time over a 5year duration and look at it yourself. Right? you attach yourself to that kind of trend, that number all of a sudden becomes far more realistic because simply put, the growth of the industry as a whole directly determines the growth of your offer, your business itself.

There's a guy who came in here to the facility recently. He works out at the gym next door. Shout out to him if he ever happens to be watching this. He is a roblox streamer. And first of all, this guy's got [ __ ] crazy assets.

His youtube channels, by the way, he had like seven or eight of these things at a at the lowest had i think about 3 to four million subscribers per channel, dude. It's [ __ ] insane. And he streams roblox all day. And just to be clear, roblox apparently is one of the highest and continuing to be the highest level of interest games that exists for a wide range of demographics, but mainly kids in this case. I want to be really clear when i say this.

The growth of roblox as a game and it becoming more and more and more popular as time continues to go on will directly correlate to his level of growth and revenue that he experiences on his youtube channels. Okay. Soon as roblox starts to contract, his channel viewership, his channel subscribers, the rate in which he's continuing to grow and likely his revenue will start to contract. Okay, so that's kind of the big risk of attaching yourself to a trend. You have that probability that you are officially exposed to.

Now, in terms of funnels, they did it all through call funnels. They got all the way up there to call funnels. They started to kind of stall out a bit and they needed to go far larger with other types of funnels and work those in. Things like webinars, challenge funnels, low ticket to high ticket ascension. Dm ads, as you may have known if you've watched this channel before and heard me talk about dm ads, generally limited if you do them from a paid advertising perspective to a couple hundred grand at best.

So, that's something that could contribute, i guess, but it's not going to get them to 10 mil a month, which is what they're currently focused on. Okay. Point i'm trying to make though, call funnels massive, like multi like over 50 sales reps, okay? sitting there taking calls all day and they deal with the same problems that everybody deals with. Okay?

they have show rate issues that they need to resolve for. They have, you know, the hiring process of sales people, the training process of those sales people, the stick rate of those sales people, creative testing, every single thing that everybody deals with at much smaller levels are just exacerbated at those greater levels of spend. Okay, now on to our second trophy winner for $5 million a month. $5 million a month goes to mr. Ryan clog.

Now, this was kind of an unfortunate trophy to give away, as silly as that might sound, because we had an inner circle member who came in super hot. His name was seem. Salem joins in all excited like talking about this feud that he had with ryan clog like a friendly feud to be clear where they were on the race to who could get to 5 million a month sooner. At the time they were both around 3 million a month but they had sat down and essentially made a bet and said who can get there first. Okay.

Now just to be clear unfortunately ryan got there first and so we have to give him a trophy as a result of him beating one of our inner circle members who again is still stuck around that like 3-ish million a month mark. Ryan managed to within months dominate the [ __ ] out of that competition and clear substantial numbers. And he did it with the company that he constantly says he is associated with and actively running as one of the co-founders, warriorbab.com. So if you go check out warrior babe, mainly an info niche business specifically to women and transformation of going from wherever they're currently at to a much fitter, healthier, better version of themselves. A classic triedand-rue niche.

Okay. And when you look at a business that does that amount of revenue, one of the first things that you really have to consider is, and i've talked about this extensively on this channel many times over, how many people are within that given demographic that are in market, right? and i've said things like if you sell to the sales demographic, if you sell like sales is one of the number one niches on earth when it comes to work demographics for the largest industries that exist. Think about it in the context of like the amount of people you could sell sales training to as an example or placement offers, right? there were guys who have unfortunately since gotten taken down by the ftc as a result of scaling this offer a bit too ambitiously and having issues with the fulfillment side of things, putting a bunch of [ __ ] reps onto offers.

However, placement offers, right, those have historically grown massively. Like that specific business had grown to over 20 plus million dollars on an annual basis. Okay, the point i'm attempting to make is when you are in a niche like health and wellness or like women's transformations in the health and wellness category, even more specific than that, ryan's probabilities to achieve these numbers naturally as a result of participating in a far larger niche are great. And there's always a trend like think about a period of time where there's been a trend where being fatter is cooler than being fitter, right? there's always that natural pressure to get fit, stay fit, and if you're not fit to go through a transformative process.

Okay? so, as a category, very important to take note. Both of these guys that hit these $5 million a month levels had that set of lessons. They pivoted and were in a niche that actively was huge, huge trend and then to be clearer, just massive markets, okay, massive markets where the ability for them to spend money successfully at scale and be at a great rise in doing so is just a far greater probability comparatively to thinking by comparison of like a small geographic market where you only sell to like homeowners, right? or you only sell to like commercial property owners.

You got to have a large market to have higher probabilities to make a fuckload more money when it comes to transacting with a fuckload more people, right? so anyway, down to our 1 million a month winners, which again you'll see are these gold trophies by comparison. The $1 million a month winners. In this case, we have three. We'll start with carlton.

So carlton went out of his way and accomplished this. By the way, i just want to be fair to carlton and saying he does more than a million a month respectfully to him, but we only have two trophies in the inner circle. We have a million a month and we have 5 million a month. So until you have 5 million, you're kind of stuck in between, right? anyway, carlton's model is a service-based model and he also has a course component to it.

So an information model as well, depending on which one of his services or offers you choose to purchase from him will determine which one you fall into there. He is a tax strategist and a really good one at that. Carlton is, you could argue, at the literal top of that specific niche, both in terms of revenue and in terms of his social presence, quality of his content, the consistency of his content, and more importantly, his advertising efforts. He's a combination of both, right? both of these sources, organic and paid, contribute to what he does.

And most of that revenue, very important to note, comes from what we call the chunk method, which is a combination of a few specific variables. Challenge funnels, webinars, call funnels, it's a mix, right? though to be fair, give or take the month. There's some significant revenue differences, give or take a specific funnel, like a challenge funnel as an example happening. And then there's other months where you're just limited to your daily lead flow.

That'll naturally create some fluctuations, but he's very consistently above that number. So congratulations to carlton. He's getting his first trophy from us being a part of jeremy's inner circle. We're very proud of what he's accomplished. Done a tremendous job.

Service based businesses, especially service-based businesses like carlton's that sell to rich people, they have the ability to sell to fewer people, but at a much higher price per customer. And as a result, the math becomes really easy when you're talking about million-dollar months. So his million a month, as an example, is let's say that he sells a $50,000 service, which to be clear, he didn't do in this particular instance. This is just a math example. You need 20 people to buy at 50k in order to hit the million a month, right?

if i sold something at 25k, i just doubled the number. I need 40 people. You see what i'm trying to say? it's like the math becomes far easier when you talk about total customers you need to sell. That can complicate your fulfillment relative to what you sell.

Of course, when you sell for that level of pricing, but that's a completely different lesson for another video. Point i'm trying to make here is carlton does challenge funnels, webinars, call funnels, combination of all of it. So, he follows the logic of our chunk method strategy where not just one channel makes all the revenue, but several channels make up the total revenue. And we're really excited to be able to inevitably, it feels like, get him to the 5 million a month level. Very exciting time for him and his business.

So, again, congratulations to carlton and everything he's accomplished. So, that lesson specifically, if you break that one down, they are selling to rich people. Okay? they are selling towards the rich. Okay?

and when you sell to rich people, the numbers just become a little easier typically. Okay? so, these next two, the $1 million a month awards that we have left, one of them in particular, i'm not going to say his name out of respect for the guy so i can be a little more detailed with you. He had been in the inner circle for a relatively good period of time. I want to say he's been in there at least 3 years, maybe getting close to his fourth year now, but for sure around 3 years.

And this guy in particular, he has historically been an organicon business. All of his revenue was coming from info for this specific award that we're sitting here talking about. This particular guy also has other revenue sources, but again, i'm just not factoring those into what we're sitting here communicating. For his info offer in particular, that's why he joined the inner circle. That's what he wanted to grow and that's what he wanted to scale.

Now, initially, he joined in with the intent of i want to learn paid advertising. It took him a little longer than than some people, but he learned it and he learned it at the perfect time. Okay, when he joined in, he was stuck around give or take the month like call it four to maybe upwards at the best months like 600k a month. Okay, and his organic revenue started to take a hit. Through time, the algorithm kind of started suppressing his reach.

And so, as a result of that, his content was getting less and less views. He really thrived during like the co tik tok era. That's where he grew a tremendous following and had a lot of people watching his stuff. And then as time passed, that content just got suppressed. So, by the time that he comes to me in this particular instance, he'd been in the group for a fair bit of time.

You he sits down vulnerably with me at at a lunch in particular, and he was like, you know, i'm just getting absolutely [ __ ] on over here. I'm at like 300k a month now. You know, i'm really fed up with this. Like you know i'm wondering what i need to do and this guy who's teaching an offer copywriting specifically that it just made so much more sense for him to attach himself to the ai trend as to we talked about towards the beginning of this video i didn't in any way shape or form want him to like sell all these other ai services i was like dude just understand what people want like they want an easy to learn business model essentially there's a business opportunity that you're trying to teach people at the very least like a skill acquisition opportunity that's going to lead to money okay whether they freelance or like become an agency owner regardless you're you're teaching them something that makes money, okay? they naturally would want that to be easier.

He was actively selling against ai. He was trying to say like, "no, you want to learn this skill. You want to like master these things yourself." and i told him that was silly. I was like, "that's not really what people want. I think you should sell with ai instead." so, he's a man of action.

He went back home immediately started doing that. And he right away, just with that change alone, got back up to his baseline in that like 4 to 600k range. Okay. From here, his organic content was still continuing to get suppressed. And he had to pivot to the paid advertising solution.

And he started doing that. And that's how he achieved his million-doll a month trophy that we're giving him here. I can't stress this enough. Like, this is a very interesting lesson. The timing of when to do what matters a lot, right?

the pressure of the situation really increased his willingness to get to the point where paid advertising worked for him. It's an unfortunate thing to have to sit there and try to emphasize the lesson of like sometimes pressure can be great because you ideally don't want to have to be in high pressure situations to be able to achieve great outcomes and great results. I i can't stress it enough though like in this particular case per usual it worked out tremendously well for this guy. So a majority of that revenue by far now and a minority by far minority organic majority paid advertising revenue which is a phenomenal transition. A lot of people come to us for help on those kinds of things and we do really well with that kind of stuff.

Just to be extremely clear on this, his was also the chunk method call funnels and webinars but mainly call funnels. Huge contribution from callfunnels. Currently though, testing other funnels to try to start working them in to his overall mix to strengthen the amount of revenue he's able to produce. Can't stress this enough. There are a lot of great lessons in this one, but the main one that i want to make really clear is you have to know when to transition.

Okay? and sometimes transitioning can come from like a nice healthy pressure. Sometimes transitioning in this particular instance can come from like stop being attached to the old thing, detach from it and start attaching to the new thing instead. Very important to consider. Okay, last but not least by any means, it's our final trophy winner.

I love this specific story. So, this guy joins into the inner circle. He was around 500k, give or take the month, all the way up to around 800k a month, okay? and this guy in particular has a crypto offer where he's got a crypto mastermind. You join into it.

It's extensive course library you get access to in a community of other people, but it's geared towards rich people. It's geared towards people that already have like a baseline amount of money that they can essentially gamble with in the crypto markets. And he teaches them all kinds of things. He teaches them all the way to like gambling strategies essentially with things like memecoins all the way over to much more traditional like long-term oriented investing. And it's a very it's a very great mastermind this guy's got.

So he joins in. And by the way, this is an australian that joins in. We're hosted here in miami, florida. He didn't give a [ __ ] at all about being able to come to a mastermind, but he'll be flying more than 25 hours to collect his award and come give us a talk on exactly what he did in these lessons i'm about to sit here and tell you in much more depth, of course. Moral of the story is this australian man with this crypto mastermind offer sitting around 500 to 800k a month comes in learns webinars from our perspective of how we execute them.

We have this large sop on mastering webinars. We also have several weekly group calls on webinars. We have mastermind talks dedicated just to webinars. A lot of information simply put on webinars. This guy goes through all of it.

Just binges this [ __ ] and he gets enough confidence to set aside a gambling budget for paid advertising for this next webinar he was going to do for $85,000. Okay, this is in his first month, which i can't stress enough. I'm not trying to imply in any way, shape, or form that you join in and you're about to do what this guy did. Okay, this is extremely rare. I think literally i've seen this happen one time for this exact story that i'm sitting here telling you.

This is by no means common. And again, i'm not in any way, shape, or form trying to emphasize that you're going to be able to repeat this level of result if you join into the inner circle, especially not in the first month. But this guy did, okay? okay. And this is what he went out and did.

Spent $85,000 on a webinar and this guy cranked $800,000 from that webinar. Now you couple that with the revenue that he was already making in a month. Bam. The guy clears more than a million dollar a month. Okay?

and now he gets himself a nice trophy. Flies literally all over the world, but comes over here to miami, florida to get his trophy present to us as all of these specific trophy winners are doing. They collect their award. They give a little 30-minute talk on all the top lessons that they learned to us here in jeremy's inner circle at our facility in miami, florida. We do masterminds four times a year.

We do one-on-one calls twice a month that you can book, weekly group calls, saturdays. We obviously record them all, put them into a giant training library for you. We record all our historical masterminds. Have a training library with those for you as well. Access to jeremy ai, a group chat that's extremely active, an sop library of 30 plus sops on all my ad strategies and best practices.

Everything in there is meant to help rich people get a fuckload richer. So, we do things like this. We celebrate big wins. We don't celebrate anything smaller than a million a month. And currently, we celebrate all the way up to 5 million a month.

Very excited for the new problem of having to find a trophy supplier for an even larger trophy for our $10 million a month award. Cuz currently these $5 million a month awards, these ones in particular, are made of actual silver when you hit the 5 million a month. So, pretty cool stuff we got going on here. Thank you so much for watching today's video. I hope you go out there and get richer yourself.

And listen, at the very least, whether you check out those links down in the description and consider actually spending some money with me so i can help you further, or whether you just go watch some of my additional youtube videos that i have for you here today and every week ongoing, i encourage you to go out there and get richer regardless. Toxin.


------------------------------------------------------------
TITLE: Why You NEED to Go All In on Paid Ads For Your Business
VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xz4Qwd22o4
CATEGORY: Ads
============================================================

Low ticket this, low ticket that. How about you let your nuts hang low for once in your life and take some serious bets on ad spend? the whole point of risking dollars on paid advertising is to turn it into far more dollars. The only reason that you won't do that, there's really two. You either have other uses for the money that you are profiting from elsewhere that is preventing you from risking those dollars on paid advertising, or two, you don't understand what paid advertising is.

Okay, paid advertising, just like any other actual asset, is literally an asset. Anything that by definition turns money into more money on a consistent basis in a stable and predictable way that also can accumulate equitable value, aka your business is an asset. Okay? when you look at something as silly when it comes to the return side of things as real estate or as equities, which i just want to openly disclose, i still invest into equities and i still invest into real estate. Okay, that's like a long-term wealth play.

It's a very like consistent and low return, give or take what equities we're investing into here. But i digress. Point i'm trying to make is paid advertising within a month can turn dollars into more dollars. Give me any other asset class that can do that and add literal equitable value to the business at the same time of doing so. We had a guy join into the inner circle.

He was getting all of his deals organically and through referrals and word of mouth. Okay, this guy was already getting exit offers like people literally willing to stroke him a check. Not valuations that are just [ __ ] made up. Literal people coming to him and saying, "i will give you $50 million for your business." okay. Now, this guy said, "well, if people are already offering me $50 million, he was like, "you literally right now watching me on youtube." he said, "wouldn't it make sense for me to add a paid acquisition channel?

i could realistically get to hundred million instead of 50 million on my exit." and that's exactly what he started to do. He joins into the inner circle program. There's a link for that down in the description if you're ever of interest. And he joins in because he wanted to add a paid acquisition channel to his business. He wanted to add a whole another place to generate customers.

Okay, now here's the thing. This is really important you understand this. Why does a guy who already gets checks stroked to him for 50 mil say, "i'm going to gamble on creating a new acquisition channel by risking dollars to turn it into more dollars because that's going to add a whole another $50 million to my exit potential." why does he do that? and why are you such a [ __ ] in comparison where you're not willing to risk dollars to turn it into more dollars at a serious enough rate? and i'm not talking about i give you another perfect one as an example.

Okay, i'm on the phone the other day, one-on-one call with an inner circle member. He joins in and he's like, >> "hey, i want to get to a million a month." >> and i'm like, "okay, well, what kind of business you got?" he goes over his offer, tells me about all the details, compares himself to literally another inner circle member who has a similar offer that was cracking upwards of 5 million a month with that same exact thing. And he goes, >> you know, i want to be like that guy. If he can hit 5 million a month, like i can i should be able to hit a million a month. >> and i was like, cool.

How much are you spending on paid ad spend right now? and he was like, >> a month. >> i was like, okay, what's your rorowaz? what's your return on ad spend? he said, >> "well, i'm getting out a little over 3 to1 currently." >> meaning he's turning a dollar into $3.

A little more than $3 gross. Okay. And this guy's running an info business. His margins are huge. It's pretty much the cost of ad spend, the cost of paid salespeople's commissions, and then a little bit of software cost.

I don't even think this guy has like csms or any kind of delivery step. Everything's just virtual courses. So anyway, long story short, this guy is only risking $10,000. Meanwhile, he's turning a dollar into $3 consistently. Why wouldn't he scale that?

that's immediately what i then ask him. I'm like, "why are you being a [ __ ] why aren't you spending more money?" and again, it's only one of two things. It's always only one of two things. You either have another use for those little bit of dollars that you're collecting. If he's spending 10 grand, that means he's only turning it into 30 grand in that example, minus the commission for the closers, minus the ad spend, minus the other negligible cost.

It's like he's he's barely netting barely netting like maybe 15 20 grand in a month. Okay. What other [ __ ] use do you have for such a baby bit of money? like, are you paying rent out of that? are you paying for cars or like other stupid [ __ ] out of that?

that money is the gambling money that should immediately be reinvested. That is the house money that you increase your risk profile with to gamble with on paid advertising to grow the 10k that you're spending into 20k the next month. You want to see if it holds and you get a higher return on your dollars that you're risking. And if you maintain that 3x rorowaz, you can scale that all the way up and hit the million a month pretty easy is what i was telling this guy. And so we start going through the mental side of things, which is a very important thing to address.

This is one thing that most of you guys who aren't risking any serious amount of money on paid ads struggle with the most. Even the people who are risking somewhat of a serious amount of money. It's like the reason you're not spending that same amount in a day to scale it up comes down to all kinds of specific things, which we'll cover here in this video. That's all we talk about on this channel is hitting million-dollar months. And due to topics just like this where there's things that obviously and evidently hold you back from ever coming close to those numbers, we don't have any kind of income claims or earning potentials here for you cuz we don't know who you are.

For all we know, you could be the biggest [ __ ] on earth that's not even risking dollars on paid ads yet from how uncertain you are in yourself. Or you could be one of the people who watches us that's already at a mill a month and you're looking to tack on the next mill a month. We have no idea who you are. So again, we can't make any income claims or earning potential, but that's all we talk about around here. I'm jeremy haynes.

Welcome in if you're new and of course if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. So listen, let's dive into this. Okay, so this guy who i'm talking to on the phone, one-on-one call, inner circle, he says, >> "well, there's this other guy that hit a million a month with this offer recently." >> and i'm like, "cool. How much is he spending?" and the guy goes, >> "oh, you spend about 300k." >> and i'm like, "in a month?" he goes, "yeah." so i'm like, "yeah, so the difference is $290,000 in thickness of the balls.

You understand? like you have to be an individual who's going to go from spending 10k to 300k." and the difference there is like maybe another point something on your rorowaz to spend the same amount and to be able to make the same amount as the other guy. You have to break down what holds back not willing to reinvest those profits that you make back into ad spend to grow the overall number. Most people try to pull too early. Okay, if you look at it like what it is, which is an asset.

Okay, think about what you do in a real estate deal. If i wanted to buy, let's use the example of a million-doll property in some random city for arguably if it's a big city, a pretty junker asset, okay? a million, i'm realistically going to have to put down since it's going to be a jumbo loan in that example, upwards of 20 to 30%. That means i'm going to invest $2 to $300,000 just to start the deal. Okay, real estate deals are good for a few reasons.

It's like technically over a broad period of time, give or take the area, and hopefully this plays out in this way for you. You see equitable appreciation. You also see some cash flow. Usually the cash flow is relatively negligible. Real estate people who have a fuckload of doors or a bunch of properties like give or take what the property is.

Of course, that can be a great play. You can add value to it. Of course, you can end up flipping it for more money in a rather short duration of time. Short means comparatively to just holding the asset and waiting for it to appreciate. You add value to it.

You get out of the asset for for for more than what you ideally invested. You pay the bank back. You get into a mortgage. You start netting something on the cash flow. Make it worth it.

My point is is like you're risking 2 to300k in that example to buy a million dollar asset to make arguably like 5 to maybe 20% a year. If you're in a flipping situation, arguably you're just trying to get those initial 2 to $300,000 back out. You're still going into debt and you're again just cash flowing like maybe a couple thousand, couple hundred bucks a month, give or take the property type. My point is, okay, and this is really important to understand, you're risking 2 to 300k there to hopefully in one scenario make your money back sooner than later. But in another scenario, it's going to take years, decades even, just to get your money back and get to the point where you're profitable.

My point being, when you look at paid advertising, okay, we're talking 30day cash velocity cycles. Okay, this is what almost every single person i've literally ever worked with gives a [ __ ] about. They care about turning that dollar into more than a dollar within 30 days. Okay? if that is the case, they can front money on their credit card.

They can pay that credit card off and they can pocket the difference. Just like a real estate deal when i'm trying to go into a bank, refi after i've added value, get my initial cash out of pocket that i used to get the deal in the first place back into my pocket by refying it after i add value to it. In this example, i can do the same [ __ ] thing, but i can put way more dollars in my pocket relative to the system that i've built. If i have a fast 30-day or less cash velocity cycle, meaning i can turn a dollar more than a dollar within that 30-day window, i am in a tremendous position. And from there, the only thing i must do is scale it up.

If i frame it this way and if i then break down and i ask myself the specific questions like what would be holding me back mentally from otherwise risking those dollars. Usually the other thing at play is that the money that you are making from the profit has other uses. Okay, this is really important to understand. I had a whole video on my channel dedicated to the mindset a million dollar a month earners. I think i have a handful of those videos on this page at this point.

I'm sitting in front of one of my cars. Maybe it was the rolls or the mclaren or something. Little backdrop of miami. And long story short, if you ever have watched that video, you know what i'm talking about. If you haven't, you can watch it after you conclude with this one.

The moral of the story is i broke down in that video. I'm like, listen, when you have purpose for the dollars that you generate, okay, you have to get those things out of the way. Otherwise, you never reach the point where you become a sophisticated gambler, which can take the house money that you're generating up your risk profile, reinvest those dollars back into paid advertising and make the overall gross number that comes out the other side the next cycle far bigger. The reason you don't do that is because there's other uses for the money that you are profiting that you have to justify those dollars going towards. You don't necessarily have to get those things out of the way first.

Okay. What you can do instead is just say, "i still have other uses for the money, but i'm going to delay using the money for those uses." what i'm instead going to do, like, as an example, maybe you want to buy a car. Maybe you want to get a nicer house. Maybe you just want to upgrade your life in some random way. Maybe you want to get an engagement ring for your girl, whatever the [ __ ] you want to buy.

Okay? wait. Just wait. Okay? the better thing to do is to learn how to cycle risk upwards.

Okay? you have to learn how to cycle risk upwards. If you fail to cycle up on risk and you fail to increase your risk tolerance, you'll never actually get to the point where you risk more dollars to turn it into even more dollars and then even more dollars the next cycle to turn it into even more dollars after that. This a critical part of advertising that most people fail with. Okay?

some people don't even get to the point where they're willing to gamble some money on paid ad spend because they frame it wrong. They don't view it as the asset that it is. So as a result of that, they aren't willing to invest into it for its potential and turning it into more money. Instead, what they do is they become frivolous. They bail extremely quickly on the cyclic process of getting paid ads profitable.

Like maybe they'll risk like a couple thousand bucks. >> they like, "oh, it didn't work. It's never going to work for me. I'm going to stop advertising." >> [ __ ] okay. So, when you go into a casino and you risk money, okay, you have to be willing to completely vaporize it in order to have a good time.

The good news is with paid advertising, when you vaporize it, you're learning what specifically was [ __ ] up that you need to fix to have a dramatically higher probability of success when you walk back into the casino again. So, if i walk into the casino with five grand and i give zuckerberg five grand over 30 days, okay, i'm measly $5,000 over 30 days and i have the problem revealed that my ads are getting a low click-through rate, or that my cpms are extremely high, or that my page is converting like dog [ __ ] or maybe all those things are phenomenal, and maybe my show rate sucks, or maybe my show r's great, and the front end's great, and my salespeople are absolutely cheeks and suck. Okay, the point is i'm going to reveal the problem that i then need to pay an aggressive amount of attention to to solve for. That way, when i walk back into the zuckerberg casino again with $5,000 and i throw it onto the table and i say, "mr. Zuckerberg, i'm ready.

I'm going to do the [ __ ] this time and i start flooding traffic through that again and i do turn the dollars into more dollars." well, congratulations. You made it to the other side that most people fail with. They don't even get to the point where they walk back into the casino again because they think that they're a [ __ ] loser and that they're forever going to lose. They don't assess what specifically is contracted within the bottleneck analysis that they can easily do. That that's the coolest part.

It's like the data shows you how you got [ __ ] and why it vaporized and didn't turn into more money. And then you can do something about it unlike gambling at a casino. You understand? and then when you walk back into the casino again, the whole goal is let's say i bet that $5,000 i gave you in the hypothetical example. Okay?

i then get to the point where my whole initial goal is to just get the $5,000 back into my pocket and whatever amount of cash i'm left with, even if it's less than $5,000, that's the amount that i can gamble with with a higher risk profile adjusted to those dollars being house money. You see, the dollars that i risk out of my pocket are completely different compared to the dollars that i get from house money and how i'm going to risk those. You see, and this is where most people really [ __ ] up, dude. It's genuinely this simple. All you have to do is take the house money, grow the pile of cash by reinvesting more into the ad spend every cycle.

And later on, once the pile is big enough, you're easily going to be able to pull a little bit out of the pile and put it towards those other uses that you're trying to justify the dollars need to go to instead in the short term. So every time that you go gamble on paid ads and you take the pile of money that comes from it and you immediately use it for anything other than paid ads, you are consistently as a result risking the same money that you came out of pocket with again the next month. That's not the way to do it. The way to do it is to risk enough money because it's an asset. Okay?

you don't just walk in with $5,000. What kind of [ __ ] real estate deal are you going to get with five grand? how much are you really going to make if you only throw five grand at a stock? how much are you going to get off a [ __ ] memecoin? like buttfuckcoin.

If you throw five grand at it, you you understand? it's like my point is it's like when you go to take a risk in equities, in real estate, you have to come correct with enough money to get an asset out of it that's actually going to spit off enough cash for you to give a [ __ ] to risk the money on the asset in the first place. So, it's like if you risk too little on paid advertising because you're not thinking of it like the paid asset that it is, you're going to get a little shitty asset and you're not going to care about it and you're not going to go through the process. Think about this, right? if i invest $300,000 into a real estate deal and something starts to go wrong with it, i bet that you, if you did that, you would give a deep [ __ ] about getting that real estate, that piece of property to the point where it needs to be at for it to be worth something so your investment isn't just vaporized.

Okay? with paid ad spend, you're risking too little to give a [ __ ] about the deal. You're risking too little to do the necessary higheffort things to make it work. Okay? and when you do finally risk money and you do get the money back, you're using it for other [ __ ] instead of reinvesting those dollars back into growing the pile as a whole, which then makes it far easier to take those little bit of dollars off the top of the pile and throw it towards those other little shitty things you need to put money toward.

You understand? it's such an easy game when you frame it as a paid adset. Such an easy game when you actually take a [ __ ] swing at this instead of just putting the negligible amount of money that you have at it now. You don't want to wait until you have to do it. To be clear, another great example of this, we had an inner circle member and this guy, he was all organic, okay?

and he was doing anywhere from like 5 600k a month for a pretty long time. Like pretty much since i've known the guy, that was about his revenue range. And he had never really punched up. Organic for him never really grew past a certain point. And then all of a sudden ai came around.

And ai, he was teaching a copywriting course. Ai came around and this guy sold against ai as a trend. He was like, "oh, no, don't use ai. Like, you need to learn the skill of copywriting. You don't want to be in a position where, you know, you get get like outworked by ai or integrate with ai.

Like, don't worry. You want the actual skill." and his revenue got cut in half. He went from 600k a month down to 300k a month. Okay. He comes to me, we have a lunch together.

I tell him, i'm like, "look, dude, you need to sell with the trend, not against the trend." he starts selling with the trend again. Gets right back to 600k. From there, his organic revenue started to get a little shaky. His reach started going down. We weren't sure if he got shadowbanned.

Nobody really knew what was going on for what was holding back the revenue and what was holding back the reach. All we knew was the revenue was going down. He had to risk money on paid ad spend at that point. High pressure scenario for the guy. However, at this upcoming q4 mastermind that we're going to have, i'm giving him a million dollar a month trophy and a next to a barely little like i'm talking like 200k a month out of that million a month now is coming from organic whereas the whole other 8 to 900k of that give or take the month now is coming from paid advertising.

That high pressure scenario that sometimes you unknowingly are seeking in order to perform. Meaning, if you think you're addicted to putting your back against the wall to actually perform, first of all, terrible place mentally to be, you don't ever have to actually put yourselves in those situations to get the outcomes that you're after. But hey, in this case, like whether this guy intentionally set that up for himself subconsciously or whether this was just the reality of his situation, he was forced to throw his nuts on the table and take a bet on paid advertising. A pretty serious bet at that. And naturally when you start typically things don't just go right right away.

He started with a call funnel. He started with a webinar. And he was able to get it to crack pretty fast. But he had to go through that cyclic process of improvement of identifying what specifically was [ __ ] up and what specifically need improved. And we helped him through that cycle.

His advertising agency that he was working with that's also in the inner circle helped him through that cycle. He helped himself through that cycle by doing anything and everything necessary to get it to work because that's what it's required to do. And now he's got an asset. Now that asset is kicking off $8 to $900,000 a month and still scaling. By the way, just this literal last 30 days, he cleared a mill a month.

That's the first time he cleared a mill. Organic wasn't doing that for him. I want to be fair and saying like some of you guys that come to me, you're already crushing it organically. Like you're already well past a mill a month and or andor your organic even if you're at only a couple hundredk is like still scaling. Well, i'm not saying it always has a cap.

I'm just saying paid advertising is like nitrous. Paid advertising is the speed that you want. Paid advertising is the consistency, the predictability. But at first, you got to invest into it. At first, you got to go through the necessary cycles and you got to have the right risk profile and you got to have the right frame of mind about how the risk needs to go up as you're using house money and no longer the money that you pulled out of pocket.

If you do these kinds of things, you're going to have a great time with paid advertising. If you don't, you're going to get pretty [ __ ] on and stay small forever. I was just talking to a guy next door. He's uh here at this local facility next door to me. There's there's an awesome gym ran by a great guy.

Used to be a pro boxer uh fighting on hbo and stuff and and the the owner over there he introduces me to a guy and he's like he's like hey you know like this guy does xyz and u you know he he's considering risking money on paid ads and at one point in this guy's story when he's introducing himself to me he tells me it's been over a decade it's been over 10 [ __ ] years of him thinking about risking money on paid ad spend and i'm like what in the [ __ ] is holding you back and he goes he literally says it out loud he goes yeah i just have a bunch of other uses for the money so i just you know i haven't really ever spent the money on it insane the [ __ ] that i see sometimes it's an asset it needs to be invested into like an asset. It has to be treated as an asset. You get a shitty deal in real estate if you invest too little. You get a great deal. If you invest a lot.

If you invest too little in paid advertising, it's going to be a shitty asset. If you invest enough, you're going to take it seriously. You're going to go through the necessary cycles of improvement. You're going to turn it into the asset that it should be, and it's going to spew out way more money than all these traditional [ __ ] equities, real estate deals could ever [ __ ] dream of kicking out. Okay?

but it has to be treated like an asset. It has to be invested into like an asset, both with time and money for the improvement cycle. Like adding value to a property, you want to add value to your paid advertising asset. You frame it that way, you're going to have a great time. If you don't, you're going to be a [ __ ] forever.

Let your nuts hang. Throw them onto the table. Okay? take a serious bet on paid ads, you will forever thank yourself if you actually take it seriously. Just like anything else that you've done in life, anything that you've gone half ass with, you've gotten a [ __ ] all negligible result from it.

Anything that you've actually put your full-time, effort, and intention into, you've had a phenomenal time with because you're a talented individual. Yet, you constantly justify to yourself that you're too busy to do xyz or that the dollars have other uses. And as a result of that, you've never gotten the true benefits of what a paid advertising can provide to you when it's treated as the asset class that it is. I sure hope you take it seriously because it has played out tremendously well for all the clients we've worked with over the years. All my inner circle students, even my master internet marketing students.

Listen, go watch some of my other youtube videos. My entire channel is dedicated to a lot of the specific problems that you're going to experience on your path to million-dollar months or the next million a month that you're looking to tack on. I look forward to helping you through that process. Again, no income claims on this channel, just all education and entertainment purposes. Go out there and get richer and check those links down in the description.

And if you're not subscribed, drop me a subscribe. Toxin.

