CATEGORY: Case Studies
Videos: 2
============================================================


############################################################
# I Helped These 8 Businesses Hit $1M/Month, Here's What Actually Works
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNmKQO-3YCU
############################################################

All right, for those who don't know, these are milliondoll a month trophies. We make them out of a nice medal and we give them out to people who are in my jeremy's inner circle program who crack a million dollars a month for the first time. Now, in these videos, i like to cover some of the best practices that these guys had in their businesses that worked well for them. Some of them also have some major pitfalls that they came across that held them back for a tremendous period of time, give or take the person that achieved these outcomes. I want to go through that with you here in today's video.

Per usual, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. Whether it's the first million a month or the next million a month, we just hand down lessons from people that have been there, done that. We don't make any income claims cuz we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have literally any probability to go out there and make any money. You're not going to watch a youtube video like this and make some cash. Again, all we're doing is just handing down information to you and some lessons from guys that have cracked some big numbers.

Cuz according to the us bureau of labor statistics,.1% of businesses ever hit $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller quantity than that that would ever hit $12 million a year, aka million dollar months. Again, we just hand lessons down to you. Hope you enjoyed today's video. If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. If you're new to the channel, consider subscribing after today's.

So, we've got not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, but eight million dollar a month award winners. We do four masterminds a year inside of my jeremy's inner circle program. Some of you might not even know what a mastermind is. I'd be shocked if so, but if you don't, it's where a group full of people come together that are like-minded. We put our brains together around a similar outcome.

We try to use one another to try to help each other with some kind of issue that we need to overcome some type of result, some type of outcome, some kind of process, strategy, tactic. We all just kind of use each other collectively and we come together as a unit to be capable of doing that. Like creating a centralized brain is the original concept of a mastermind introduced by napoleon hill. So anyway, in my group, in my mastermind, we typically come together talking about million-dollar months. And in addition to that, we celebrate $5 million a month, which unfortunately for this mastermind, we didn't have anybody achieve.

The next mastermind, we have a guy who's real close. So hopefully we'll be able to give him one. But we this the big old it's made out of pure silver. The big old $5 million month trophy is about this tall. Again, big old silver cup.

Looks [ __ ] awesome. But anyway, back to my point. Let's go through what each one of these guys did to achieve their outcomes. I'll tell you a little bit about their industries and some of the perils in which they overcame to help them achieve it. So the first one is stamar.

Okay. So stamar was stuck around 400k a month for a tremendous period of time. It felt like within about a year of joining into the jeremy's inner circle program. He started the process of iterating some different funnels to try to get something to work. In his case, he's in the coaching niche.

He helps people with amazon specifically for his offer type and he helps him get started. He also expanded after he came into the group to a broader niche of helping people with ecom in general because he was a little concerned about the direction amazon was heading as a whole. Stamar ended up cracking the million-dollar months through webinars. Fun fact, samar actually came to one of our masterminds here in miami and on the sunday where we're hanging out at the penthouse all day. He was like, "hey, jeremy, you mind if i run over the office?

i need to host a webinar real quick." i brought him over here in the uh the 9/11, sat him over at the conference table over there and he did a webinar while we were in the middle of the mastermind. This guy's dedicated as [ __ ] this is a very important consideration to make, especially when it comes to webinars. The frequency in which you execute a webinar determines how many iteration cycles you can successfully go through. As an example, if you do one a week, you only get four iteration cycles in a month with maybe an occasional month where you get a fifth week, give or take what day of the week you do your webinars, that's not a lot of improvements in a month. Whereas, if you do something like a daily lead flow-based funnel, like call funnels, dm ads, even low ticket to high ticket, you get daily data to make decisions with.

So, over the course of what felt like damn near 8 months, okay, tomorrow's just doing webinars on a consistent basis and just kind of eating [ __ ] right? some of them are profitable, some of them he's break even, some of them he even loses a little bit of money. But i'll tell you this, eventually he gets enough iterations and he makes enough improvements to the point where his webinars start cracking a high enough revenue for him to be able to skim off some of that rorowaz and reinvest it into scale. And webinar by webinar by webinar just got bigger and bigger to the point where he finally started cracking his million-dollar m. So, long story short, this is a huge accomplishment for anybody, but especially stamar.

I mean, you can see a lot of these guys, some of them make it seem easy, which it's [ __ ] not, but some of them do. Some of them you got to grind your face off until you get to a point we crack these bigger numbers. And stamar is one of those guys for sure. Okay, next one is josh. Now, josh came in uh he was already doing pretty well.

I want to say josh was around like 600k, maybe even upwards of 7 800k, give or take the month, when he first joined into jeremy's inner circle. And he felt it felt like he was real close. I remember thinking when josh first joined in, i was like, "well, it's going to be a [ __ ] breeze. You know, we're going to be able to help him get up there real quick. What's it going to take?" right?

and so josh's also a webinar guy. He's also in the info space. Josh has a real estate info offer specifically. And at the time, it was very niche specific. He also since introduced a broader offer that's not just specific to real estate.

Uh but again, moral of the story, i digress. Here's what really got josh through the process of these tribulations that he went through. He needed a new sales team. Team. The sales team that he had when he first joined into the group was unbelievably non-compliant.

When you listen to those sales calls, which he chose to do, he reflected on the fact that he was creating a tremendous liability for him and his business, for his reputation. His sales team was making some of the most audacious, non-compliant claims ever. And this was a sales agency specifically that was doing this to him. He was concerned because he saw his refund rate increasing. He saw his chargeback rate increasing.

And when you do good business, those things generally don't happen. So he was like, "where are the problems coming from? is it fulfillments or is it something else?" and again, when he got to the point where he recognized, "oh my god, it's my sales team." he swapped out the team. Now, anybody who's done this before recognizes this can be excessively problematic for what it can do for you. His specific sales team that he swapped over to naturally would have what's called an acclamation period where there's going to be a period of time where you've got to let the new sales team train and expose the problems that they're going to have and train on those problems and then obviously get to the point ideally where they start closing some deals.

Well, he endured that acclamation period and didn't really see a lot of success on the other side of it. As a matter of fact, he sustained that period for about 3 months while his revenue diminished from about 6 to 800k a month with his new sales team down to in the 400s at one point. His rorowaz also diminished from consistently being in the 3:1 range down to just being above break even some webinars even losing a little bit of money. Now josh specifically, he's a very nice guy. Josh is very accommodating.

I would say josh is sometimes a little too nice to a degree, but he is still an extremely determined, successoriented individual that's got all the traits of a million-doll a month earner, obviously. Now, josh gives it a little too much time, but this was fair. I want to be really clear. This is a fair thing to give enough time to. There were signs of life at certain points.

I digress. He eventually gets to a point where he says, "i can't endure this any longer. It's been an entire quarter. I've got to swap out this team again." and at that point, he chooses to bring it in house. Some of the old reps that he had on the previous non-compliant team, they wanted to come back on board.

In addition to that, he had some other people he was able to pull through his network. He split tests initially this original like kind of new frankenstein sales team that he was going to build in house and bam, rorowaz goes straight back up to a four. Sales people make a tremendous difference to the success of an offer. Nothing really changed that much when it came to all the front-end stuff. Like the webinar topics were the same, the messaging was the same.

There were at some points differences in offers and like tiny things that caused some issues. But main thing that i want to make clear in this one that made the biggest difference was the sales team. But it took a good few months. Imagine being 7800k. You're you're 70 to 80% of the way there to the big million dollar month goal and then bam, you have to swap your sales team because you're getting a tremendous liability built up.

Next sales team takes three months. You watch your revenue get cut damn near in half or down 200k a month, give or take the month. And then over the course of that next couple months, everything rips right back up. Get back into scale mode. And then crack the big million a month.

That's sometimes how it looks. You know, you go through little troughs before you get to the glory part of the process. And that's exactly what josh endured. So, good for him. Tremendous, tremendous [ __ ] endurance, discipline, relentless drive to make that accomplishment happen.

Okay, then you got devon. So, devon's got some real interesting offers. Devon owns a few different companies. Um, i'm not going to name them all here just out of discretion for these guys. You guys will notice, by the way, i try to be somewhat reserved in all the information which i communicate about these people for their privacy.

Uh, that's one thing that we do for all our inner circle members. I get guys all the time that hit me up from either other people that aren't a part of the group or sometimes even people within the group. >> hey, like what's so and so doing? like what's their rorowaz? what's this number?

what's >> and i'm like, dude, i'm not going to [ __ ] tell you just like i wouldn't tell your information out there, you know, making a [ __ ] youtube video. Still a lot of value in what these guys have done. So devin, in this particular offer, this was one of his uh i would say almost to a degree kind of side companies is how i interpreted it when he first came in. He was doing a couple hundred grand a month with it. Low couple hundred grand.

I want to say he was in like the two to 400k a month range. I don't remember the exact number offh hand to be clear, but nonetheless, devin was also in the info space in this particular instance. And it just took him being exposed to all these other winners. That was that was one of the most interesting patterns you'll kind of see in some of these guys' results that they've achieved. They come in, they sit down at a mastermind, they see people just like them now that get up in front of them and talk about their million-dollar months and what it took to achieve it.

And sometimes, you know, you guys will hear these stories where they just say, "i got exposed to other people that were just taking bigger actions than me and all my numbers were already good." sometimes they're already rorowaz positive. Sometimes they already got the sales team. Sometimes they already got the skills to expand the sales team and then fill the calendars. You know, sometimes they've got everything dialed in. And the biggest thing is just a mindset gap of i need to press the gas and need to dial up the knobs here and get more results and outcomes.

That's all it did for devon. I'll tell you, i watched him sit right here at a mastermind and it was profound. I did an opening talk at the first mastermind. Devon came to on operating with a lower level of certainty and still biasing towards excessive action and risk. And i watched devon's eyes light up.

He's sitting in one of the first rows up here in the room as we got on stage and we're doing the talk. And oh, it's you can tell when when shit's clicking in somebody's head. And he sat there and he was like reflecting on his life in real time thinking to himself, "my god, i've just been a [ __ ] this whole time." like everything is perfect for me. What am i waiting for? like why am i why am i anticipating that there's going to be a higher degree of certainty before i bias towards action and scale this thing up.

So he went home and he just started scaling. Everything was already good and he got to the point in a rather tight period of time. I want to say it only took him a good 3 4 months of being in the group for him to crank those kinds of numbers. And i want to be very direct and just transparent to be excessively clear. I'm not in any way, shape or form implying that you're going to join jeremy's inner circle and achieve any kind of outcomes like this.

Let alone join in and crack million-dollar months from going in at a low couple hundred grand a month initially and you know 3 4 months later get those kinds of numbers. That's not the case. I'm not telling you going to sit down and just have some [ __ ] click like it did for devon. The statistical probabilities that we talk about where there's a 0.1% probability to hit 10 mil a year and an even smaller probability than that to do these these apply to all these guys too. They're within that statistical probability.

I can't stress that enough. With devon specifically though, it's remarkable to see that when you present the right type of information and then somebody chooses to go take action on it in a very particular way, it can sometimes be as simple as just the exposure to what the group is. Jeremy's inner circle is a ton of information from me. I lead the group. I provide a tremendous amount of strategy and tactics and tools and resources and you know, i manage the community of course, but the group itself is excessively valuable, too.

When you just watch guy after guy after guy after guy and then you're out here networking amongst everybody, not even just the people on stage. You're just talking to people cuz it's important to note this is between october of 2025 and january of 2026. That's three months that we had eight new people hit a million dollars a month. At the mastermind prior to that, between july and october of 2025, we had five people, three of which were million-dollar month earners and two of which were $5 million month earners. And mastermind over mastermind now in between each one of these quarterly events.

Like we get at least one if not apparently eight that hit these crazy [ __ ] numbers now. So anyway, here's my point. There's already a ton of people in the room, right, that all have excessive value, too. So devin just walked around, got that extra perspective, [ __ ] clicked for him, and then he just went back and put the pressure on the gas pedal and [ __ ] punched it. So this is actually a current client of ours.

His name's brian. Uh brian does an incredible job in the fitness space. So brian is you could just call it business coaching i guess but it's more like niche specific business coaching. Brian came into the group in canadian dollars already doing a million a month in us dollars because of the erosion between the two. There's a pretty wide discrepancy there of about 2 to 3000 grand give or take where it's at now.

That means in us dollars he came in at about 7800k. It didn't take much. It didn't take much. His goal is 2 million usd a month and he's a little bit shy of that right now. Hopefully we'll help him get there soon enough.

But long story short, uh brian's offer is very interesting for what he does. A lot of what his traffic converts through is his instagram profile. So brian gets a lot of people that come in from content organically and through paid content distribution. They dm his profile or all his setters reach out to those people who interact who are a follow with content or the posts or the pages, dms them, gets them on a call, closes them on the call. He also does sporadic webinars.

They're usually warm audience webinars. They're generally done once a month, sometimes twice a month. He's incorporated challenge funnels recently, but that's something big that's coming up. Hadn't necessarily had a big impact on the million month webinars and dm ads and just producing a fuckload of content. Brian's revenue stands more so than anything else on organic comparatively to paid, which is a huge thing amongst about half the inner circle members.

A lot of people think just cuz i obviously talk about advertising all the time that all i really know is paid advertising. And that's the farthest thing from the truth. What you'll see amongst all our members in jeremy's inner circle, they get a profound amount beyond just advertising lessons. We talk extensively about organic, whether it's me, whether it's people like brian getting on stage and giving all their information away about what specifically worked and what didn't work, trying to contribute to the concept to that mastermind i brought up at the beginning of this video here, whether it be sales lessons, cuz as you'll see amongst a few of these other top earners as well, the sales team makes a [ __ ] dramatic difference. Recruiting, training, managing them properly, operations, fulfillment, lowering churn, just business ops in general, ceo dashboards, it's all kinds of [ __ ] that we talk about.

But one thing i love about brian is the majority of that revenue came from organic. So good for him. Okay, our next earner, this was a really good one. Okay, so this one specifically is jesse. Now jesse been in the group a rather long period of time.

I want to say jesse been with us at least two years if not maybe going into his his third year with us. And i remember jesse back at the farm mansion masterminds well before we had this facility here. So it went we had this facility which is where we do our masterminds now. We had the penthouse movie theater and then before that we did the farm mansion and then prior to that we had the beach house and then prior to that we had the island the island penthouse. So long story short jesse been with us since the farm mansion masterminds and jesse came in he was doing about 400k to 700k a month and pretty much all of it was organic.

Jesse does youtube in addition to youtube. Jesse does instagram now as well and he posts on twitter x. Here's the thing though. Majority of that revenue would come from youtube and a little bit of instagram. And again jesse's in the info space as well.

We have five total earners so far, just to be clear, that are all coming from the info space. So, these guys are absolutely ripping right now, it seems. Now, jesse specifically started to incorporate some amplification tactics and strategies. He kind of got fed up. That's the easiest way to put it.

Generally, when you get to the point where you hit some kind of stagnant period of time in your revenue and you just witness yourself kind of normalize whatever it is that you're making and settle into whatever you're making and your life's awesome, obviously, at mid couple hundred grand a month. It's not like you're living a shitty life by any means. You just kind of settle into it. And then the one interesting thing over jesse's timeline being a part of this group is he witnessed us expand exponentially the amount of members that we had and the earning potential and the revenue of all those new members. We had as an example just the most recent three people i can literally think of that joined into the inner circle.

We had one guy, his name's kay. Kay is already doing 1.4 to 1.5 million a month. We had stefan. Stephan does $20 million a year which would be give or take the month realistically high million a month or just maybe cracking 2 million a month. And then we had a guy named colin.

Colin does $120 million a year in the uh tele medicine more dtoc space. Okay. So in terms of the quantity of high earners that join in now it's excessive. It's high. There's many people that join in already over a million a month.

Jesse watched this happen as a guy who's only had a couple hundred grand a month. And realistically around that time when he first joined in he probably felt bigger. You know, he probably felt like he was in a room in an environment where he was still like one of the top dogs. And then as time went on, i mean, he became more of the average, right? he became somebody that fell more in the median range of where people's revenue numbers were.

And he got fed up with that. I'm telling you, jesse's kind of the same thing as what devon reminded me of. I don't think that much changed for jesse besides comparison bias of comparing himself to what all these other people around him were doing. He just witnessed time and time again that the same exact things that he was doing like webinars, like call funnels, like organic, like paid were working for all these other people and not just in a small way at scale. And not just one time, but many times over.

And jesse's come to so many masterminds where he's witnessed an increase in frequency of the amount of these kinds of trophies that were get given out. And he just kind of got fed up. I think that's the easiest way to put it. Jesse just had something click in his head, a new reason unlocked for himself, and he said, "why the [ __ ] shouldn't it be me? why am i stagnating?

why wouldn't i push up higher than i currently am now? and then he did so. So, congratulations to jesse. An incredible feat. Now, this next one, that's our $6 million a month winner, not in the info space.

His name's ed. Now, ed is in the service space. Ed specifically is saving people money on taxes. He has a $12,000 average aov. And ed absolutely did [ __ ] awesome with this one.

This was kind of a surprise trophy, i got to tell you. Most of the time it's very easy for me to see somebody's momentum and the progress that they're making because i'm like intimately involved in damn near every one of these people's businesses helping them push up. Ed, when he very first joined into the group, he didn't believe a million dollars a month was possible for himself. He was at maybe 200k a month. He was like initially when, if i'm not mistaken, when he was considering even joining in, he was barely qualifying at the 100k a month threshold that we have that you got to meet consistently to apply.

I remember he had a big month. He joins in, you know, like i said, he's probably around 200k when he first joins in. And he point blank told me, he's like, >> you know, jeremy, i don't want you to push me too hard on this. Like, i don't think a million month is possible for my niche. >> and i tell him, i'm like, well, you know, ed, i disagree.

I think it's possible, you know, and whether you're pushing for that or not, like, i'm going to try and make you go big and get out of your own way. So, let's see what happens. You know, let's be open to it. Now, ed's initial problem was very simple. It was just salespeople.

He could get leads. He could fill the calendars easily. He didn't have a problem with that. His biggest issue was he was closing all the deals and he believed he had specialized knowledge. And when you believe that, that's a recipe for failing to get new closers.

I'll tell you that right now. So ed starts the process over the following months. I pressed him real hard on that. I challenged him on that consistently. I said, "you got to step out of your way here and you got to try to get some more people on the phones so you can fill up more people's calendars." and ed starts the process of doing that.

He tries his best. He's going through the group resources. He's asking questions here and there in the group chat. I've even seen ed at i think maybe two masterminds over the course of about a year, maybe a year and a half he's been with us. And long story short, this is his main problem.

He's just trying to hire more closers. So, he starts getting some people in that produce low tens of thousands of dollars a month in generated revenue for him. Remember, he's got a $12,000 average aov. So, for him, that's maybe like three to four deals a month a lot of these guys are closing. He's getting closers now, though, which is great.

He's getting out of his own way, which is great. He's taking the risk and filling up more people's calendars and still being profitable on it, which is great. However, it's important to note he's not seeing anybody come in that's like a real top earner for him until all of a sudden that changes. So, ed, in the most recent month, he had his top closer produce a little over $200,000 in cash collected revenue for him. And he didn't just have one closer that was able to pull that off.

He had a little team of closers at this point, including himself that were able to push him over the edge. Now, ed, he's shocked the [ __ ] out of me. He shows up on a one-on-one call in early january before this mastermind's about to take place. And he shows me his numbers and he tells me, "i didn't just clear a million bucks a month, jeremy. I cleared a million bucks a month in profit." and i was shocked as [ __ ] i'll tell you that now.

Especially given ed's mindset when he first came in. It felt like he had kind of stagnated a bit with that progress of trying to solve that closer problem. But per usual, man, i'll tell you time and time again, i try to share with y'all the characteristics of these individuals and how they behave. Just cuz i couldn't see it didn't mean that he wasn't out there relentlessly pursuing overcoming that damn problem. He understood the severity of it.

And per usual, what i've shared with you in a few of these people's trophies, they see all this [ __ ] and they normalize it as a very key part of the process is you have to be around it. Like you have to literally meet these dudes and be in the same room as them cuz it's not a big ordeal. Like it's not like these guys are going to celebrate this for sure. But at the same time, like now they just feel like they're a part of the above average part of the group, right? and even then, we got like more than i think almost 40 people now that are active in the group that all do more than a million a month, right?

and so it's like now they're just in that part of the group. We might actually be closer to 50 now if i'm not mist for sure above 40. Anyway, i digress. My point is is like this is normal to these guys now, you know, and that's the best part of what they experience mentally amongst all these individuals. Ed went from i don't think it's possible to i cleared a million bucks a month profit.

That's [ __ ] insane. Okay. And he did it from solving one main problem inside of his service-based business. He sucked ass at recruiting, training, and managing top talent closers. And he he flipped the script on that thing and [ __ ] dominated that problem.

So, shout out to ed. I'm real proud of this one. He did he did [ __ ] awesome with that. Okay, now these guys, this is joe and ed. I know edwards specifically.

He's who i interact with out of the two of these guys. Edward, believe it or not, he's got a great story. This is ah in terms of a statistical anomaly, probably one of those 01% examples of my student base. I'm not in any way, shape, or form of this story i'm about to apply to you here and talk to you about trying to tell you that this is normal. It is the farthest thing from normal in his story arc here.

Okay. He joins into my master internet marketing group, which is a 5k program. It's a one-time cost and to be clear, it's seven weeks of an in-depth live class, okay? and each week covers an extensive topic about 3 to 5 hour class and a homework library in between all also central around that week's topic. Okay?

now, edward joins into that specific group and he's around like 30-ishk a month at the time when he joined into that, you know, and again, we don't make income claims. We don't do any earnings stuff. We just provide information. Okay? now, he takes that information and he [ __ ] runs with it and he runs far.

He got all the way up. This is one of the craziest examples. Like i said, like low statistical probability we see this again. Or if we do, it's going to be another blue moon. He gets all the way up to half a million dollars a month before he takes the step from my lower tiered program, master internet marketing, into the jeremy's inner circle offer.

Okay. Now, he's got momentum on his side. He's already rolling the big ball of momentum down the hill and just trying to chase it. At this point, we come in in this case as he steps into our more flagship program, jeremy's inner circle, and we act as an amplifier. We're we're like [ __ ] taking trend in that example, a heavy steroid to what we do to edward's growth here.

We absolutely punch him the [ __ ] up. I think it took him a little less than two months to hit a million a month. And the main thing was was mental barriers, which was very interesting. He was in the process of amplifying a few of his existing strategies that were working well for him, and he was doing real well with that. He just hit some walls where he wasn't pressing hard enough.

He wasn't scaling and reinvesting enough. And that speed in which he was able to actualize on that grand amount of revenue just came from the fact that we financially modeled out some stuff with him. Brought him clarity on some numbers that he wasn't really thinking with. And then just [ __ ] foot on the neck. Told him, edward, scale the [ __ ] up, buddy.

What's holding you back from here? and then he did. And he saw a great result from that. Again, shout out to his sales team. He used a sales agency wires from strangers in that particular deal.

And they did great. They're still doing great for him. We look forward to seeing edward continue to grow. Hopefully, he becomes one of our next just as we wish for any of these other seven earners, a $5 million a month earner, and we can bless him with that trophy. Now, this last one, this is a guy out in australia.

You could technically consider this a service-based business, but there's also an info component to it. He does in-person workshops, but it's like a done with you kind of workshop. So at scale in australia, brandon here, he'll sit down with people in a big old venue and he'll teach them facebook ads. These are more like entry-level lessons that he's talking to them about. And then as he works them up to the point where they have a higher level of awareness, he obviously teaches them higher level lessons all within an intense physical in-person workshop.

So all these people are taking action on their laptops in real time, learning things, educating themselves on stuff, launching ads, building funnels, like they're doing it all. And then he's got this fleet of implementers out there in the physical location that are helping people as they have questions or something specifically comes up. He's up on stage, big screen or a projector just teaching people how to do stuff at scale. And it was the same kind of lesson. I mean, brandon in his own words says, >> "i felt like a pussy." >> so he came to a mastermind, same exact concept as somebody like devin.

He saw all these people hitting these bigger numbers, realized all his numbers were good, realized he just needed to press the gas, unlock that next unlimited level of thinking of, i need a fuckload more money, i need to get way richer than i am right now, and bam, he got himself his million-doll a month trophy. All these people exemplify the characteristics and traits of a million-doll a month earner. And they all the few of them, to be fair, have done it in somewhat similar ways. In this case, the most common pattern that we saw in between our last quarterly mastermind and this most recent quarterly mastermind was webinars. Webinars dominated a majority of these high earners that you see here.

A few of them were through call funnels. A few of them were through service-based businesses. Info is clearly dominating in terms of the current trend for a lot of these guys who are cracking million-dollar months. And i want to be really clear and saying, you might see this and think, well, i mean, that probably means there's just a lot of info guys in your group. And i got to tell you, it's probably about half.

The other half, they have all kinds of businesses, service-based businesses, physical product businesses, dtoc, ecombased businesses. We have a guy in there that sells golf carts as an example, red light panels, um, hyperbaric chambers, you know, we have guys in there with, as i mentioned, like tele medicine, [ __ ] glp companies now, you know, like there's all kinds of stuff that these people do. Agency owners, we got all kinds of people. But again, common pattern it seemed like in between q4 and q1 was this, you know, everything that you just learned here today. This all comes, as i mentioned, from members in my jeremy's inner circle group.

That's where we do our twice a month one-on-one calls, our quarterly in-person masterminds where we give out trophies like this, hang out, network, learn from these kind of guys. I do a short talk, just try to orient everybody in the right frame and get them out of here taking action, trying to get richer. We do our weekly group calls on saturdays at 11 a.m. Est. We give them all those recordings out, of course, to every member.

We have a big library full of sops for all kinds of tactical and strategical information stepbystep oriented to throw into your favorite ai llm or just to give to your staff or read yourself. It's all kinds of things that are available to you in the group like the community very active. It's on telegram full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. They chat all day every day. I'll tell you that it's a very active community full of people.

You got ai tools and tech in there like jeremy ai, our content finderbot, our new tool which is a clone of manis in its agentic mode called utari. We have so many great resources that we make available all in an effort to help people and get them richer and to move them in the right direction and to get themselves out of their own way. I'll tell you now, it's a very special thing. We safeguard it. We vet the right people from the wrong people.

We obviously only want the right people a part of this whole thing. And we truly look forward to the opportunity one day to ideally welcome you in as one of our next jeremy inner circle members. I'll tell you, it ain't cheap. It ain't expensive though. It's just costly.

Costly is a product that sure has a high cost to it, but it's well worth it and it'll never betray you. An expensive item is something that has a high cost to it that does not meet the expectation that you wanted from it and therefore it betrays you. That's a lesson from the chief designer over at hermes. We're costly, not expensive. There's links down in the description for both jeremy's inner circle and our master internet marketing offer.

I'd check out both if i were you and see which one's most appropriate. We also have a jeremy's workshop coming up where you get to come in person here to our facility. You don't have to qualify for any income. We just want to believe in you that you're actually going to go out there and get some results with it. 6 hours.

You can bring you, you can bring your staff. There's a link for that down in the description as well. Check all that out. Subscribe to the channel. Go check out some of my other videos.

Leave a comment for which one of these guys you specifically know or want some more insight on. Maybe i'll respond you guys' comments down there and try to give you some additional information relative to what you want. And more importantly than anything else, go out there and get richer. Foxin.


############################################################
# These 5 Businesses Scaled To $1M–$5M/Month, Here's How They Did it
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGZOsllxIIs
############################################################

Just recently, we had a jeremy's inner circle mastermind right here at the new facility. And we had not one, two, three, four, but five total trophies that we had given out to our award winners. Three of which were $1 million a month trophies. Two of which were $5 million a month trophies. The big silver ones that you see here, those ones are made of pure silver, and those are the $5 million a month trophies.

The ones that you see that are gold, those are the $1 million a month trophies. And in this particular video, i'm going to talk to you about the lessons of each one of these five different trophy winners. We're going to talk about the commonalities amongst them all. We'll talk about the specific funnels that they use to get there. And i'll lightly talk without revealing too much detail out of respect for the trophy winners privacies of their business model and the fact that they share a lot of intimate lessons with me.

I'm not here to sit here and air out their business. I'm here to give you some common lessons that these people share that you can take away after you watch today's video. So, welcome in if you're new to the channel. That's all we talk about around here is clearing million-dollar months. We don't make any income claims, though.

We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you literally have any probability to go out there and make money, let alone this amount of money that you see here. It's a very low probability, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, that you ever hit these big dog numbers. To crack 10 million a year, which isn't even a million dollar a month. The us bureau of labor statistics claims that 0.1% of all businesses ever achieve those numbers, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that hit a million dollars a month and the way way smaller probability that you'd ever clear $5 million a month in the lifetime since 2019 through right now as i sit here and make this video of having jeremy's inner circle. I've given out a total of four $5 million a month trophies.

One of which has since gone bankrupt. Just to put it in perspective from how crazy that business model was. I just can't stress enough. I'm not sitting here trying to say you're going to make a fuckload of money by watching this video. Just trying to hand down lessons from these people since nobody really talks about this kind of stuff transparently.

So, thanks for being here. And of course, if you're already subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's get started. So, first of all, the $5 million a month trophies are pretty serious winners.

And we'll start with those two. Okay, so first of all, i'm not going to say the names of these particular people because everybody on earth is currently trying to copy their specific model. It seems like every single agency owner, course, and mentor that existed abandoned trying to teach the traditional agency model and started to attempt to teach an agency ai model where essentially instead of selling traditional digital marketing services and agency services, they're selling essentially ai service implementation. So that can be as simple as setting up specific make and zap automations and trying to call it ai or to be fair leveraging ai throughout the zaps and make make.com to be clear is what i'm referencing by the way for those who might not know about it. Anyway, long story short, all the way over to like nadn, simple things like, you know, llm structures and ai agents, there's all kinds of stuff that an ai service can technically sell.

Moral of the story is the first $5 million a month winner. That is what they chose to do. They historically had a model where they taught agency owners and they were one of the first, if not literally the first that chose to pivot into this niche. And it was a great move to do so. I don't think it's nearly as great of a move, of course, given the total quantity of people that now sell that.

It's becoming just like the traditional agency course model where there's arguably without exaggeration probably low tens of thousands or high thousands of people that teach the agency model. Moral of the story is and this is all i'm trying to emphasize with these guys. Earlier this year in january they were at 500k a month. Okay, they got that $5 million a month trophy. They finished july at $5 million a month which is truly [ __ ] insane.

Just to put that in perspective. Okay, can't stress that enough. The emphasis i want to put on this just to be extremely clear. The probability i don't even know a number. I'm not going to make up a number.

You probably don't know a [ __ ] number. I don't know if anybody knows the number of the odds of taking a business from half a million a month to 5 million a month in technically a 7-month period of time. But again, in terms of probabilities, like it's got to be near impossible. Okay, but they pulled it off and they did it from a few key things that i want to make sure i hand down. Okay, number one was a big thing.

They pivoted offers, which surprisingly is something that you don't really want to do because there's a higher probability you're going to reach success by tweaking everything that's necessary with your current offer, scaling your offer. But there are certain things that when they come around make a lot of sense to try to latch on to if you manage to latch on to one of the trends that actually lasts. The issue is there's a lot of stuff that comes around that's like a flash in the pan. Like imagine, as an example, you created an entire youtube channel around lab boooos, right? it's like it's going to be a flash in the pan kind of trend.

Okay, and there's all kinds a majority of trends are like that, like lab boooos. Okay, there's a minority of trends that come around where they're going to ingrain themselves into society forever. And ai is a great example of that. Google trends is an example of this. You go search right now anything in google trends.

Search ai against it. Like whatever you think the most popular things are possibly on earth, search ai against it in google trends. Take the span of time over a 5year duration and look at it yourself. Right? you attach yourself to that kind of trend, that number all of a sudden becomes far more realistic because simply put, the growth of the industry as a whole directly determines the growth of your offer, your business itself.

There's a guy who came in here to the facility recently. He works out at the gym next door. Shout out to him if he ever happens to be watching this. He is a roblox streamer. And first of all, this guy's got [ __ ] crazy assets.

His youtube channels, by the way, he had like seven or eight of these things at a at the lowest had i think about 3 to four million subscribers per channel, dude. It's [ __ ] insane. And he streams roblox all day. And just to be clear, roblox apparently is one of the highest and continuing to be the highest level of interest games that exists for a wide range of demographics, but mainly kids in this case. I want to be really clear when i say this.

The growth of roblox as a game and it becoming more and more and more popular as time continues to go on will directly correlate to his level of growth and revenue that he experiences on his youtube channels. Okay. Soon as roblox starts to contract, his channel viewership, his channel subscribers, the rate in which he's continuing to grow and likely his revenue will start to contract. Okay, so that's kind of the big risk of attaching yourself to a trend. You have that probability that you are officially exposed to.

Now, in terms of funnels, they did it all through call funnels. They got all the way up there to call funnels. They started to kind of stall out a bit and they needed to go far larger with other types of funnels and work those in. Things like webinars, challenge funnels, low ticket to high ticket ascension. Dm ads, as you may have known if you've watched this channel before and heard me talk about dm ads, generally limited if you do them from a paid advertising perspective to a couple hundred grand at best.

So, that's something that could contribute, i guess, but it's not going to get them to 10 mil a month, which is what they're currently focused on. Okay. Point i'm trying to make though, call funnels massive, like multi like over 50 sales reps, okay? sitting there taking calls all day and they deal with the same problems that everybody deals with. Okay?

they have show rate issues that they need to resolve for. They have, you know, the hiring process of sales people, the training process of those sales people, the stick rate of those sales people, creative testing, every single thing that everybody deals with at much smaller levels are just exacerbated at those greater levels of spend. Okay, now on to our second trophy winner for $5 million a month. $5 million a month goes to mr. Ryan clog.

Now, this was kind of an unfortunate trophy to give away, as silly as that might sound, because we had an inner circle member who came in super hot. His name was seem. Salem joins in all excited like talking about this feud that he had with ryan clog like a friendly feud to be clear where they were on the race to who could get to 5 million a month sooner. At the time they were both around 3 million a month but they had sat down and essentially made a bet and said who can get there first. Okay.

Now just to be clear unfortunately ryan got there first and so we have to give him a trophy as a result of him beating one of our inner circle members who again is still stuck around that like 3-ish million a month mark. Ryan managed to within months dominate the [ __ ] out of that competition and clear substantial numbers. And he did it with the company that he constantly says he is associated with and actively running as one of the co-founders, warriorbab.com. So if you go check out warrior babe, mainly an info niche business specifically to women and transformation of going from wherever they're currently at to a much fitter, healthier, better version of themselves. A classic triedand-rue niche.

Okay. And when you look at a business that does that amount of revenue, one of the first things that you really have to consider is, and i've talked about this extensively on this channel many times over, how many people are within that given demographic that are in market, right? and i've said things like if you sell to the sales demographic, if you sell like sales is one of the number one niches on earth when it comes to work demographics for the largest industries that exist. Think about it in the context of like the amount of people you could sell sales training to as an example or placement offers, right? there were guys who have unfortunately since gotten taken down by the ftc as a result of scaling this offer a bit too ambitiously and having issues with the fulfillment side of things, putting a bunch of [ __ ] reps onto offers.

However, placement offers, right, those have historically grown massively. Like that specific business had grown to over 20 plus million dollars on an annual basis. Okay, the point i'm attempting to make is when you are in a niche like health and wellness or like women's transformations in the health and wellness category, even more specific than that, ryan's probabilities to achieve these numbers naturally as a result of participating in a far larger niche are great. And there's always a trend like think about a period of time where there's been a trend where being fatter is cooler than being fitter, right? there's always that natural pressure to get fit, stay fit, and if you're not fit to go through a transformative process.

Okay? so, as a category, very important to take note. Both of these guys that hit these $5 million a month levels had that set of lessons. They pivoted and were in a niche that actively was huge, huge trend and then to be clearer, just massive markets, okay, massive markets where the ability for them to spend money successfully at scale and be at a great rise in doing so is just a far greater probability comparatively to thinking by comparison of like a small geographic market where you only sell to like homeowners, right? or you only sell to like commercial property owners.

You got to have a large market to have higher probabilities to make a fuckload more money when it comes to transacting with a fuckload more people, right? so anyway, down to our 1 million a month winners, which again you'll see are these gold trophies by comparison. The $1 million a month winners. In this case, we have three. We'll start with carlton.

So carlton went out of his way and accomplished this. By the way, i just want to be fair to carlton and saying he does more than a million a month respectfully to him, but we only have two trophies in the inner circle. We have a million a month and we have 5 million a month. So until you have 5 million, you're kind of stuck in between, right? anyway, carlton's model is a service-based model and he also has a course component to it.

So an information model as well, depending on which one of his services or offers you choose to purchase from him will determine which one you fall into there. He is a tax strategist and a really good one at that. Carlton is, you could argue, at the literal top of that specific niche, both in terms of revenue and in terms of his social presence, quality of his content, the consistency of his content, and more importantly, his advertising efforts. He's a combination of both, right? both of these sources, organic and paid, contribute to what he does.

And most of that revenue, very important to note, comes from what we call the chunk method, which is a combination of a few specific variables. Challenge funnels, webinars, call funnels, it's a mix, right? though to be fair, give or take the month. There's some significant revenue differences, give or take a specific funnel, like a challenge funnel as an example happening. And then there's other months where you're just limited to your daily lead flow.

That'll naturally create some fluctuations, but he's very consistently above that number. So congratulations to carlton. He's getting his first trophy from us being a part of jeremy's inner circle. We're very proud of what he's accomplished. Done a tremendous job.

Service based businesses, especially service-based businesses like carlton's that sell to rich people, they have the ability to sell to fewer people, but at a much higher price per customer. And as a result, the math becomes really easy when you're talking about million-dollar months. So his million a month, as an example, is let's say that he sells a $50,000 service, which to be clear, he didn't do in this particular instance. This is just a math example. You need 20 people to buy at 50k in order to hit the million a month, right?

if i sold something at 25k, i just doubled the number. I need 40 people. You see what i'm trying to say? it's like the math becomes far easier when you talk about total customers you need to sell. That can complicate your fulfillment relative to what you sell.

Of course, when you sell for that level of pricing, but that's a completely different lesson for another video. Point i'm trying to make here is carlton does challenge funnels, webinars, call funnels, combination of all of it. So, he follows the logic of our chunk method strategy where not just one channel makes all the revenue, but several channels make up the total revenue. And we're really excited to be able to inevitably, it feels like, get him to the 5 million a month level. Very exciting time for him and his business.

So, again, congratulations to carlton and everything he's accomplished. So, that lesson specifically, if you break that one down, they are selling to rich people. Okay? they are selling towards the rich. Okay?

and when you sell to rich people, the numbers just become a little easier typically. Okay? so, these next two, the $1 million a month awards that we have left, one of them in particular, i'm not going to say his name out of respect for the guy so i can be a little more detailed with you. He had been in the inner circle for a relatively good period of time. I want to say he's been in there at least 3 years, maybe getting close to his fourth year now, but for sure around 3 years.

And this guy in particular, he has historically been an organicon business. All of his revenue was coming from info for this specific award that we're sitting here talking about. This particular guy also has other revenue sources, but again, i'm just not factoring those into what we're sitting here communicating. For his info offer in particular, that's why he joined the inner circle. That's what he wanted to grow and that's what he wanted to scale.

Now, initially, he joined in with the intent of i want to learn paid advertising. It took him a little longer than than some people, but he learned it and he learned it at the perfect time. Okay, when he joined in, he was stuck around give or take the month like call it four to maybe upwards at the best months like 600k a month. Okay, and his organic revenue started to take a hit. Through time, the algorithm kind of started suppressing his reach.

And so, as a result of that, his content was getting less and less views. He really thrived during like the co tik tok era. That's where he grew a tremendous following and had a lot of people watching his stuff. And then as time passed, that content just got suppressed. So, by the time that he comes to me in this particular instance, he'd been in the group for a fair bit of time.

You he sits down vulnerably with me at at a lunch in particular, and he was like, you know, i'm just getting absolutely [ __ ] on over here. I'm at like 300k a month now. You know, i'm really fed up with this. Like you know i'm wondering what i need to do and this guy who's teaching an offer copywriting specifically that it just made so much more sense for him to attach himself to the ai trend as to we talked about towards the beginning of this video i didn't in any way shape or form want him to like sell all these other ai services i was like dude just understand what people want like they want an easy to learn business model essentially there's a business opportunity that you're trying to teach people at the very least like a skill acquisition opportunity that's going to lead to money okay whether they freelance or like become an agency owner regardless you're you're teaching them something that makes money, okay? they naturally would want that to be easier.

He was actively selling against ai. He was trying to say like, "no, you want to learn this skill. You want to like master these things yourself." and i told him that was silly. I was like, "that's not really what people want. I think you should sell with ai instead." so, he's a man of action.

He went back home immediately started doing that. And he right away, just with that change alone, got back up to his baseline in that like 4 to 600k range. Okay. From here, his organic content was still continuing to get suppressed. And he had to pivot to the paid advertising solution.

And he started doing that. And that's how he achieved his million-doll a month trophy that we're giving him here. I can't stress this enough. Like, this is a very interesting lesson. The timing of when to do what matters a lot, right?

the pressure of the situation really increased his willingness to get to the point where paid advertising worked for him. It's an unfortunate thing to have to sit there and try to emphasize the lesson of like sometimes pressure can be great because you ideally don't want to have to be in high pressure situations to be able to achieve great outcomes and great results. I i can't stress it enough though like in this particular case per usual it worked out tremendously well for this guy. So a majority of that revenue by far now and a minority by far minority organic majority paid advertising revenue which is a phenomenal transition. A lot of people come to us for help on those kinds of things and we do really well with that kind of stuff.

Just to be extremely clear on this, his was also the chunk method call funnels and webinars but mainly call funnels. Huge contribution from callfunnels. Currently though, testing other funnels to try to start working them in to his overall mix to strengthen the amount of revenue he's able to produce. Can't stress this enough. There are a lot of great lessons in this one, but the main one that i want to make really clear is you have to know when to transition.

Okay? and sometimes transitioning can come from like a nice healthy pressure. Sometimes transitioning in this particular instance can come from like stop being attached to the old thing, detach from it and start attaching to the new thing instead. Very important to consider. Okay, last but not least by any means, it's our final trophy winner.

I love this specific story. So, this guy joins into the inner circle. He was around 500k, give or take the month, all the way up to around 800k a month, okay? and this guy in particular has a crypto offer where he's got a crypto mastermind. You join into it.

It's extensive course library you get access to in a community of other people, but it's geared towards rich people. It's geared towards people that already have like a baseline amount of money that they can essentially gamble with in the crypto markets. And he teaches them all kinds of things. He teaches them all the way to like gambling strategies essentially with things like memecoins all the way over to much more traditional like long-term oriented investing. And it's a very it's a very great mastermind this guy's got.

So he joins in. And by the way, this is an australian that joins in. We're hosted here in miami, florida. He didn't give a [ __ ] at all about being able to come to a mastermind, but he'll be flying more than 25 hours to collect his award and come give us a talk on exactly what he did in these lessons i'm about to sit here and tell you in much more depth, of course. Moral of the story is this australian man with this crypto mastermind offer sitting around 500 to 800k a month comes in learns webinars from our perspective of how we execute them.

We have this large sop on mastering webinars. We also have several weekly group calls on webinars. We have mastermind talks dedicated just to webinars. A lot of information simply put on webinars. This guy goes through all of it.

Just binges this [ __ ] and he gets enough confidence to set aside a gambling budget for paid advertising for this next webinar he was going to do for $85,000. Okay, this is in his first month, which i can't stress enough. I'm not trying to imply in any way, shape, or form that you join in and you're about to do what this guy did. Okay, this is extremely rare. I think literally i've seen this happen one time for this exact story that i'm sitting here telling you.

This is by no means common. And again, i'm not in any way, shape, or form trying to emphasize that you're going to be able to repeat this level of result if you join into the inner circle, especially not in the first month. But this guy did, okay? okay. And this is what he went out and did.

Spent $85,000 on a webinar and this guy cranked $800,000 from that webinar. Now you couple that with the revenue that he was already making in a month. Bam. The guy clears more than a million dollar a month. Okay?

and now he gets himself a nice trophy. Flies literally all over the world, but comes over here to miami, florida to get his trophy present to us as all of these specific trophy winners are doing. They collect their award. They give a little 30-minute talk on all the top lessons that they learned to us here in jeremy's inner circle at our facility in miami, florida. We do masterminds four times a year.

We do one-on-one calls twice a month that you can book, weekly group calls, saturdays. We obviously record them all, put them into a giant training library for you. We record all our historical masterminds. Have a training library with those for you as well. Access to jeremy ai, a group chat that's extremely active, an sop library of 30 plus sops on all my ad strategies and best practices.

Everything in there is meant to help rich people get a fuckload richer. So, we do things like this. We celebrate big wins. We don't celebrate anything smaller than a million a month. And currently, we celebrate all the way up to 5 million a month.

Very excited for the new problem of having to find a trophy supplier for an even larger trophy for our $10 million a month award. Cuz currently these $5 million a month awards, these ones in particular, are made of actual silver when you hit the 5 million a month. So, pretty cool stuff we got going on here. Thank you so much for watching today's video. I hope you go out there and get richer yourself.

And listen, at the very least, whether you check out those links down in the description and consider actually spending some money with me so i can help you further, or whether you just go watch some of my additional youtube videos that i have for you here today and every week ongoing, i encourage you to go out there and get richer regardless. Toxin.

