CATEGORY: Funnels - Challenge
Videos: 6
============================================================


############################################################
# How To Maximize Show-Up Rates For Challenge Funnels
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eus1rfs0gs
############################################################

One of the most important things about your virtual event is that people actually show up for it. And if you watched any of the other videos in this master class series on challenge funnels and 3-day virtual events, we've talked at length about what to do to get people to show up, but in more of a fragmented way. So, what i've done for you in order to organize the efficiency of your learning so you can maximize your dollars that come out the other side of this funnel is where you put it all together inside of one video for you on how to maximize your show rate. Not just for day one, but for day two and day three as well. That way, you have the highest probabilities to be pitching to the most people possible throughout your virtual event.

Very exciting video for you. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is cracking million-dollar months. You're either adding the first million or trying to tack on that next million a month if you're sitting here watching these videos. So, welcome into the channel. But of course, there's no income claims.

There's no earning potential. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability at all to make a dollar with what we're sitting here talking about. Let alone the amount of revenue our clients, inner circle members, and master internet marketing students make. And nor are we even implying that if you bought those offers that you have any chance to make money. We're simply entertaining and educating you right now.

And passing down some game from the people that we've worked with over the years who have done these things at scale. Pleasure to have you here, my friend. And of course, if you are already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute banger for a video. Let's dive in.

So, you know, if you have been here already that i'm a big fan of what i call backend selling systems. So there's a very important thing to consider when you are going through your advertising and your sales process and thinking about it from the mind of a consumer. On the front end, people are in what i like to call scanner mode. Okay? and the front end requires you to understand this.

Most people are looking from a perspective of efficiency. All human beings from an evolutionary psychology perspective have it ingrained into us to conserve our energy. We don't like to expense energy on anything that's not deemed worth expensing it on. Simply put, we're used to having rations. We didn't have unlimited calories.

We didn't have unlimited fuel available to us. Now, in this day and age, we do, but again, human mind hasn't adapted for that. Genetically, dna, our brains, we don't want to do more than what we have to do. So, when people are in the looking at your ad, considering converting on your landing page part of the process, they're just trying to see if it's right for them or not. They're not necessarily sold even when they buy or opt in to the actual challenge or virtual event itself.

They're just willing enough to have essentially said, "yeah, i think that could be for me. That kind of makes sense. Like, i'm willing to give you a shot." but that's why a 100% of people don't show up to the actual virtual event day one itself because they're not sold. And so then you have to get into the logic of what we call backend selling, which good news for you is where a lot of high intent consumption actually occurs. On the backend side of things, they're no longer in scanner mode.

Now they're in what we call the justification phase. Okay? so justifications are how we all get to the point where we make decisions. And you've look, you're a rich guy. I'm sure you can think of all kinds of [ __ ] whether it's a watch or a car or a house or, you know, [ __ ] hiring this person or that person or buying xyz.

The first thing that you do is you just try to bring it to awareness that you're even willing to buy something. And once you have that initial hook in you, what you start to then try to do is justify actually doing it or not. Now, your goal is to understand this concept. We call it the interest spectrum. Okay?

there's four key levels of interest that you got to understand. There's curious, there's general interest, there's a high level of interest, and then there's conviction. Conviction is where deals get done. Anything above conviction, that is where the consumer has willingness to actually buy from you. Now, your goal is to try to assess.

You're probable to have people at all three and maybe even all four of these different levels as they buy your challenge or virtual event or as they opt into it. Now your ideal outcome prior to day one of that challenge starting is to raise their overall level of interest to the highest possible level. Now how do we do that? with information. The right information leads to action.

The wrong information leads to inaction or the lack of information leads to inaction. A lot of businesses and this is really important as an integral belief and perspective you got to have if you're going to get this to work for you and have the highest show rate possible. You got to deeply believe that when you look at somebody who opts in or buys to show up, that they're unsold still, and that they need their interest level raised, that they need that key piece of information to hit them. If you remain in the mindset that they're already sold, well, dude, they already opted in. Jeremy, what the [ __ ] you talking about?

they already bought a ticket. Like, of course, they're probable to show up. It's like, well, no, my friend. Again, that's why you don't have 100% show rates. That's why you're sitting here watching this cuz you know you're full of [ __ ] with that kind of gaslighting belief.

Makes no sense as a foundational view to have. And if you don't remove that view, none of what i'm going to sit here and tell you is going to make sense for you, okay? cuz you're just going to look at it from that same perspective of like, >> oh, people are probably to show up anyway they already bought. >> so anyway, back to my point. Okay, so we have whole videos on this channel dedicated to back-end selling systems.

Each one independently and in addition to that videos where i talk about them collectively as a system. Now, let me just be clear on what these are so you guys understand. There's four of them that we like to use. Okay? and these four specifically each on their own has had tremendous impact.

One of them costs money, three of them don't cost money. The one that costs money is called the hammer them strategy. So, the hammer them campaign, just to reiterate it to you, the summary version of it is you're going to take short form and long form content and a whole lot of it at that. You're going to upload the list of people who bought the ticket to show up and you are going to hammer the [ __ ] out of them with content. Again, both short form and long form.

And you're not going to pick random content. You're going to try to pick content that fits what we call these four quadrants. Questions, second layer questions, objections, and expectations. Your goal is to take content just like this and put it in front of people prior to them showing up. Your goal is to buy us both on short form and long form because people have different consumption patterns.

People have different preferences. And yes, long form typically creates higher trust. And so we don't want to exclude that. And short form has a higher probability to reach people and make our points faster. So we want to make sure we have that too.

We take 30 to 50 different pieces of short form content and anywhere from 15 to 30 pieces of long form content and we're going to put it in front of people with what we call a frequency goal. Now, we're going to run these as engagement campaigns optimized for throughplay video views. And there's a very tactical way to set it up properly. I won't bore you with that right now. We save that for people who actually give us money.

I want you to understand the concept right now. This in and of itself, soon as somebody buys, just getting hammered with a fuckload of content, increases the probability dramatically that they show up because you stay in front of them the entire time from the time they purchased to the time of the actual event. And if you're smart, by the way, you'll take all of what i'm talking about for these back-end selling systems and you'll implement them not only between the ticket purchase and day one, but you'll do it between day one and day two, day two and day three. Okay? but again, we'll talk about that more here shortly.

For now, just understand all of what's possible for you to do to help the show rate improve with that hammer them campaign. You're going to see a lot higher show rate if you actually execute it successfully. And again, imagine i typically tell you as an example in this very series, you want to have upwards of a 60-day promotional cycle if you want as many paid buyers as you possibly can get and also giving yourself some wiggle room to [ __ ] up a little bit, fix things, and maximize the overall amount of people that buy. Okay, those promotional cycles, those have the highest probabilities to get high thousands of people or maybe even low tens of thousands of people to buy. The shorter the promotional cycle typically, unless you spend a fuckload of money in that short cycle and everything goes really well for you, you have to work in that extra period of time.

That way, you have a higher quantity of people that overall buy. So, again, keeping content in front of them that entire window makes it so they don't forget, right? it reminds them. Okay? and this gets into point number two, which again this is one of the three that does not cost money.

The hammer them is the only one that actually costs some dollars because you have paid advertising spend that you have to distribute out. So we call this second one value dense email sequencing. Now you likely, as most people who run challenge funnels or virtual events will only have reminder emails. Okay? you're going to have a low show rate if you only have reminder emails.

Do you want to have reminder emails? yeah, a [ __ ] course, dude. But do you only want to have reminder emails? no. You want to obviously have things like calendar invites, the reminder email sequences, but you also want to have value dense email sequences.

So the whole concept of this, and again, whole video on this channel dedicated just to this topic, by the way. And for all our paid buyers, we have a massive sop and of course a lot of additional training and email examples that we can show you as it relates to what i'm talking about right now. But back to my point, all you're trying to do is take the things that you want people to know that are genuinely valuable things that get them excited to showing up, that educate them further, that increase their awareness, that raise their interest levels, things that they actually want to know, not a bunch of [ __ ] okay? truly valuable things that they genuinely would find valuable. You want to take those things, you want to write them into the email.

You don't just want to send them out with the expectation that they're going to click to something and consume it. Take what you'd ever have them click through and put it right in the email itself. Email open rates right now sit on average about 50 to 70%. It's [ __ ] awesome. However, click-through rates still sit at historic lows, usually in the single digits for the most part.

So, from that perspective, that's why i give you the pro tip of take whatever you'd otherwise have people click through to and put it right there in the email itself. Now, if you do this again over a broad duration of time where you have such a long drawn out promotional cycle, makes a lot of sense not to blast six a day for 60 days in a row at people for that high of a frequency. But keeping valuable insights and information and keeping people excited no matter where they bought in the process. Pretty important part of the process at that. You then roll into the next part, which is what we call confirmation page best practices.

Now, with these confirmation page best practices, one of the big parts of it is what we call breakout videos. Now, breakout video is pretty simple to understand. If you follow that logic that i talked about up here where i say on the front end, they're in scanner mode and on the back end, that's where their intent and their justifications come into play and they're seeking information. They clearly raised their hand and said, "yeah, you know, i think this could be for me." your job is to nurture that little bit of curiosity or that base level of interest to a higher level. Confirmation pages are obviously right after they pivot into that justification mode where they're seeking more information.

They're intentionally learning. They're trying to further justify this is the right thing for me. I'm committed to this idea. Okay. So on the confirmation pages with breakout videos specifically, that's where we start to showcase single videos at a time, generally one to three minutes long with a whole array of topics that we teach to people in our inner circle program that we teach to people in our master internet marketing program.

Again, links down below in the description for those. But you take these little 1 to three minute videos, you put them onto the page, and we have clients that have upwards of 19 of these. As an example, we have clients that have like three to five of them, right? a lot of you who secret shop my funnels, as an example, when you go to my confirmation pages, you'll see i have anywhere from like three to five, give or take this specific offer, what you're trying to do is you're trying to tell people things, give them insights on things. These are typically some of the most common things that you want people to understand right after they just opted in, and you want to nurture that trust to its highest level.

Besides best practices relating to breakout videos on confirmation pages, there's a whole slew of other things, but again, i won't sit here and bore you with that. There's whole videos on my channel dedicated to that topic in itself. And of course, again, we have a lot of stuff inside of our paid offers. Now, the final thing, the sdr best practices, right? otherwise known as the setter best practices.

These guys matter a lot when it comes to improving show rate. You have a human being that manually reaches out to you. Or if you have a really good ai service that can mimic what a setter can do and it actually sounds like a real person and doesn't have that delay that most of the ai services do, you can use that too. But again, just to be clear, you ideally want to double dial people, get a hold of them, text them. And the job with this specific best practice as it relates to backend selling systems is to try to tailor information to that specific person that you're talking to, right?

look them up online. Look at any application data. Look in the crm. Try to just find things out about them or on the phone, try to ask a few strategic questions about why they're specifically interested in whatever the topic is of your upcoming virtual event and take a list. They should have a monster list of well organized, categorically organized resources and sales assets and trust assets that they can tailor a list of for that person that they're talking to.

So the conversation's like, "hey, wanted to see what got you interested and you know this whole topic in the first place." like what's what's piqu your curiosity here? oh, i'm interested because of okay, great. Well, hey, if i told you, by the way, that i've got a few things that could help with before the event even starts. Would you be interested in me sending those over to you? yeah.

Okay. Would you like it via text? would you like it via email? would you like it via both? great.

I'll shoot it over now. Just take a look at it. Looking forward to seeing you. By the way, if you have any questions, like, you know, i work for the organization. It's my it's my cell number.

Just shoot me a message. Be happy to answer anything that you got prior to this whole thing. By the way, i can also hold your hand if you struggle to get access on a particular day, if you need a certain join link, like you know, whatever. Treat me like your support contact in the instance that uh you know, you're interested in doing so. And you know, of course, after the event is done, i'll reach out to you too, right?

and so, you're trying here to establish pre-event communication. That way, by the time the event's over with and maybe that person specifically didn't book a call or didn't do a direct to checkout, no problem. Like your setter's already established communication with them and can strategically hit that [ __ ] up and try to get them to buy. You understand? so, long story short, you implement all these back-end selling systems, you have a much higher probability in and of itself to get a really high day one through day three show rate.

Now, again, just in the context of what i've communicated to you so far, i just want to make sure i reiterate this so you walk away in full understanding of what i'm sitting here talking about to you. Okay? you do these for day one, okay? and you build them relative to how far out you are to make sure that you maximize show rate. You do the same thing for day two, my friend.

Okay? so, between day one and day two, even though it's a really short window, you blast them with a fuckload of content for the hammer them strategy to increase show rates. Okay? you have the setter reach out. Hey, how was day one?

oh, yeah. You liked it. Hey, you coming to day two tomorrow? day two is the most important day. It's the most important day by far.

Make sure you show up. The time it starts is this time. You got any questions, by the way, that you want me to submit to the team to see if they can cover it. Okay, great. Thank you so much.

You know, you have specifically a little bit of value dense email sequences that you can hit them with between day one and day two, but the only one you really lack here is the confirmation page, right? depending on how you execute your challenge. In one of these videos in this series, i don't even remember which one it is at this point. There's so many. I talked about this dashboard concept and how you can have a dashboard that has access to the day one, day two, day three join links, the breakout rooms, the applications that you want people to inevitably fill out, directed checkout links, deposit links to book a call.

Like you have a place like a central place where people can look at a bunch of stuff. You can strategically update the dashboard between day one and day two with some confirmation page best practice assets, but you don't technically have a confirmation page by default between day one and day two. You know what i mean? so anyway, long story short, same concept. Between day two and day three, you hit people again and the communication should adapt relative to what happened between those 72 hours.

So long story short, this is like what the necessities are. Okay? and then from there, there's just a few like sprinkles and cherries on the sunday that you could throw on top, but they're not things that are necessities. And so i won't cover them here on youtube. I say those kinds of things for the people who pay us.

And again, you can check out links down in the description, but at the very least, go check out all the other videos in this series on how to maximize total amount of revenue and get a big old challenge funnel virtual event lumpsum coming your way. Huh? all right, go get richer. Talk soon.


############################################################
# How To Pitch The Offer Inside A 3-Day Virtual Event
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mNKwO3sYZQ
############################################################

Welcome back to the series. In this video, we're going to be talking about how to execute the pitch in a challenge funnel or a 3-day virtual event, whichever one you are committing to. The pitch is the exact same in both of these scenarios. The pitch is obviously where you're going to make all the [ __ ] money on the entire risk of this whole thing. This is where it all pays off.

And there are very strategic things that you must do outside of actually executing the pitch itself from pre- pitching, repitching, and also just pitching long enough, having some objection handlers and risk reversals dialed in, not doing stupid things like the super inflated prices and slashing them out and saying you get it all for less. It's all kinds of little things that you're going to learn in this video about how to properly execute the pitch itself during one of these virtual events. It's an absolute pleasure to have you here. If you're new to the channel, all we do around here is talk about hitting million-dollar months. Welcome in.

There's no income claim. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are. And although, yeah, everybody that we've worked with has made a buttload of money off of these types of funnels. Who the [ __ ] knows if you're going to make a buttload of money off these types of funnels. So, there's no implied earning claims, earning potentials, or anything like that.

It's all for entertainment, education purposes, you sitting here watching this video right now. And of course, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. We got another banger. So, without further ado, let's dive in.

If you're used to pitching on webinars, you're going to have a good time when you pitch in a virtual event. Keep in mind, ideally, up to this point, you followed our 3-day format and you had day one, which was just a fuckload of content. You've delivered on the promise of the topic of your virtual event. You've given people a tremendous amount of value. So much so that a very high quantity of those people who showed up on day one also showed up to day two.

You've now for the entire first half of day two given them another amount of tremendous value. Given them content, maybe brought in a guest speaker here and there that endorses whatever you're about to try to pitch people on, and you're getting to the point where you're ready to do the pitch. What's the first thing you ideally do? the pre- pitch. So, to be clear, pre- pitch material is really important to understand.

First of all, on this channel several times over, we've shouted out the legend, the one and only mr. Myron golden. Myron, if you've ever had the opportunity to pay him tens of thousands of dollars or maybe more to have the opportunity to learn from him directly, good for you. I'd encourage everybody who hasn't gets the opportunity to do so. He is true top 1% in terms of people that i've ever learned from and his pre- pitch and rep pitch material, some of which we'll talk about here today.

I'll leave the great stuff for myron, of course, and all our inner circle members and master internet marketing students. But nonetheless, i'll still put you on game in terms of what it is and how it works. The pre- pitch when i first heard it come out of myron's mouth made so much sense to me. And rather than just sitting here telling you about every single thing that you could say, i'm going to tell you to go watch a few of myron's videos. There's one specifically on youtube that you can watch.

It's about 30 minutes long from him on his channel. It's called the science of rapid wealth creation. And this is a perfect example, again, free on youtube for people to go and consume that talks about essentially everything that myron does before actually pitching people. All pre- pitching really is trying to weave in specific ways that you want people to strategically be thinking. You're trying to frame people.

That way, by the time you get to the pitch, you have all of these specific stories that you can anchor back to that had specific characteristics, identity traits, ways to think, and ways to process all this information. Things like being willing to take risk when it makes sense to take risks. Things like being able to bias towards a willingness to get richer because you deserve to get richer. Little things like the ability to overcome fearful thinking. He'll even go as far as weaving in religious scripture into what he's communicating to people during his pre- pitch.

He's doing is very important to understand. He's empowering somebody prior to actually pitching them. So, they get to the point where they strategically conclude to, >> well, this makes a lot of sense and i'm primed and ready to do something. And then that something is what you immediately pitch afterwards. So again, i just want to be really clear and saying pre- pitch is you being able to successfully frame somebody.

You're trying to align the character, okay? the ways in which you want them to identify and be and behave to the pitch. Okay? and you also want to make sure you understand this is mainly done through storytelling, which you'll see at a masterful level of display inside of that video from iron on youtube. And again, if you watch that video with the frame of like you're watching him do something that he would regularly pre- pitch, you'll get a completely different set of value from it.

Everything that he says is also [ __ ] awesome. By the way, all those things in that video are still great to actually think to be clear. But in addition to that, more importantly, you're going to watch it from the perspective of like, all right, i need to do this kind of [ __ ] before i actually pitch somebody. Your pre- pitch session is generally about a 30 45 minute session. And to the viewer, it comes off as like mentality content, you know, something that you're trying to help people with.

They'll still view it as good information. They won't get turned off. They won't have any idea that you're necessarily even sitting there trying to like pre- pitch them. They just view it as like, "oh, this is another content session and it's really good." now, to be clear, once you get over the pre- pitch hump, that's where you actually transition into the pitch. Now, let me be really clear when i say this.

I learned this one from mr. Russell brunson. Russell brunson obviously almost every single one of you know, but for those of you who for some reason do not, russell is an absolute og marketer. Highly respect russell and everything that he does. Shout out to clickfunnels and everything that they do over there.

Specifically 1.0. I love i love 1.0 a lot more than 2.0 russell. But anyway, long story short, let me be clear. Okay, russell has what he calls the ask to pitch transition. Okay, you need some kind of bridge to successfully go from over here where you're doing the pre- pitch, which doesn't come off like you're pitching.

It just comes off like content. You need to have that bridge successfully to get to the point in a non awkward way with low friction. And that's where this transition comes in that russell teaches. So, he essentially says that you ask for the pitch. You just ask them for the opportunity to start the process of closing them.

And it works so well when you deploy it in webinars. It works so well in this use case when you're doing a challenge funnel or a virtual event. The transition is really simple. All you do is ask. So, i'll put it on display for you here right now.

Right? imagine you just got to the end of your pre- pitch session and you're ready to transition and you say to the audience, "all right, everybody. I'd love the opportunity to sell you something. I have ways to help you far beyond than what i've done here today. And i would love your permission to do so.

I don't want to force anything upon you. I don't want to make it sound like i'm just here to sell this. I want you to give me permission to transition to the point where i can help you further through an offer that i've put together specific to you that i believe is going to take everything that we've sat here and talked about today to that next level and get you that next set of results that you're looking for in a much faster way in a lot easier way from all the resources, systems, content that i put together. The system, i want the opportunity to actually sell it to you guys. Now, can you guys do me a favor?

can you say yes in the chat if you're open to the opportunity? and you're ideally just going to see a flood of yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Or you can tell them like, hey, put a one in the chat if you guys want that opportunity. You know, put a two in the chat if you don't. And again, it's always going to be a fuckload of ones if if you've actually executed the event successfully up to this point.

And then it becomes super simple. This what i love about this specific tactic. It becomes so simple to just immediately start transitioning to the slides where you're like, "all right, then let's dive into it." so, let me show you guys what i put together for you. And rather than just immediately saying like this is the price and this is like the offer stack, like that's not specifically what you do. So once you get to the point where you're in the actual pitch itself, usually what you're going to want to start with, you're not going to use all of your anchoring, okay?

but you're going to start with anchoring back to specific things that you've talked about strategically up to this point throughout the day and a half. Because keep in mind, you're doing this on day two. You're doing the pitch on day two. Strategically every single thing that you talked about in day one and everything you talked about in that first like half to 1/3 or sometimes 2/3 of the day on day two that's what you want to anchor back to originally. So, you want to say things like, "so, hey, if you guys remember, like we started day one by going through this, okay?

and i taught you guys how to do this, and if you go do that and this, it's going to roughly take you about this amount of time on average, and about this amount of work for you to go and do those things." and again, you guys are more than enough equipped to be out there doing those things and getting those results and outcomes. But, just keep in mind, you're going to have to do like all these things, and you want to list them like bullet point style. You don't really want to get too in the weeds when you say these things. What you're trying to do is so you strategically understand what's happening. You're trying to bias towards the things that i've taught you are effective.

They're going to work, but they're not necessarily the most efficient way to get things done because you still don't necessarily know all of what there is to know. And i have this system i could sell you that's either got these done on your own, done with you, done for you components that i just simply haven't covered here or i haven't made available to you and obviously you'd need to pay for. And what those things do is they make things go faster. They make things more efficient. They increase the probabilities that much more that you get these outcomes and these results.

And that's the main thing that you're trying to do when you go through this process. You're like, "yeah, so you remember these things that i talked to you about about this and and those things to be clear. If you go do those things, like they get you these kinds of outcomes, okay? and when you go do that, to get those types of outcomes, you just got to keep in mind you have everything you need to be able to go do it, it's just going to take like these expectations." okay? now, comparatively, what i'm going to offer you as one of the components, this is how you do your offer step.

As one of the components that i've got today in this special offer for you. And by the way, i'm doing this offer one time. I'm doing it right now for you guys. The cart closes at the end of this whole virtual event that we have. We're going to give you 24 hours after the event concludes.

We want decisive people in this. We have a dramatically high probability to get the results and outcomes that we're after here. Okay. So, the first thing i'm going to do inside of my offer for you is i'm going to give you this and this thing does that at this set of expectations. Now, all you're doing is you're starting to say, "look, the things i've taught you, they do these expectations, right?

these outcomes, the things that i want to sell you now, right, for the upsell, they do these things that you want at these better expectations." okay? and that's the whole flow when you're doing the offer stack. So no matter how many things and it's very important you understand like the actual offer itself is really important obviously like the offer is made up of components that get them every ideal outcome they want right and that's all you're actually selling to somebody. So as an example like for our jeremy's inner circle program that we have we have masterminds four times a year we have one-on-one calls up to twice a month we have our weekly group call the most recent one we did here in the office it was 2 hours long it was extremely valuable. Okay, i know it sounds biased because i'm the one who taught the class, but it was it was really good.

Okay, it's really good. They're all really good. They're [ __ ] awesome. It's built for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. We have an extensive course library.

We have unlimited access to jeremy ai for all our inner circle members, which is trained on a bunch of stuff you'd never get access to, like one-on-one calls, like you'll never hear anybody else's one-on-one call, but the topics and the content that i talk about in one-on-one calls, those are all trained in jeremy ai. Every consulting call, same thing. Every client call, same thing. Every single thing i've literally ever written down, including like messages with people, all in there. Okay, it's really good in that regard and it's it's not like some [ __ ] little ai thing and it gives you real-time access to my brain to talk about things that you know you want to talk to, right?

the one thing that it's not good at is if you're talking about something, real jeremy can tell if you actually need to know something else. Ai jeremy will just talk to you about whatever you're talking to it about. It doesn't necessarily know when to say, "well, you should focus on this instead." like this is what you need to pay attention to, right? because at the end of the day, it's an llm. But again, all those components, okay, and more.

We have like 30 plus sops and we continue to develop more of course and no we don't use [ __ ] ai slop to write our sops like i write extensive sops that are very well good very well documented and we have an extremely active group chat full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. Now we have people in that offer stack. It's very important you understand this right outside of the fact that yes i'm actually trying to tell you about that and pitch you links down in the description. I'm also trying to give you an example. These offer components aren't random.

I didn't select them out of [ __ ] thin air and say this is going to be my offer. No, it's like masterminds have extreme value. Okay, i believe in the power and so do everybody who comes to these masterminds in meeting up with a bunch of other rich people who do like something similar to you or literally what you do or sometimes like far from what you do but they still make a fuckload of money doing it and can give you a counter perspective. I always look at it like this like if there's a bunch of dots of things you know like masterminds will help you validate certain things that you know and expand them further beyond that little area. But sometimes you meet people at a mastermind with a dot that's like way over here and then you start to build another little dot matrix and eventually like you get a nice little bridge and you've expanded your overall awareness.

That's how i look at what masterminds are are able to do in addition to just like when you're rich you got to you got to pay to have a lot of other rich friends. You know rich people need an opportunity to meet up with some kind of incentive. And rarely do they ever just sit around and hang out and you know have like normal friends. I'm not saying we don't have normal friends. Like of course we have normal friends, but you don't really see your normal friends as much as you do with like business acquaintances.

Like there's a lot of people who arguably come to these masterminds and develop stronger relationships with those people comparatively to people that they've known their whole life and like barely ever meet because there's no real incentive to meet. You understand what i'm saying? so anyway, long story short, i digress. Masterminds are valuable. And some people are in the group literally just for masterminds.

Some people don't go to any masterminds and like they just do one-on-one calls with me because that's a very cost-effective way to get one-on-one time with me. Some people, they don't even show up to a live weekly group call, but they watch every [ __ ] recording, and they don't even do one-on-one calls unless they know they need something specific that they didn't understand. I have people in there who send upwards of 4 to 5,000 messages a month to jeremy ai. And like, that's one of the places, that's the only place that we offer unlimited access to it currently. Okay?

and again, my point is is like all these offer components that i'm talking about, they solve specific problems in different speeds of solving them and in different preferred consumption mechanisms of solving them. So when you make your offer stack and you actually go to pitch it, what you're trying to do is you're trying to say, okay, these are the ideal outcomes that i know people want. And what i've taught in the challenge itself are how to get those ideal outcomes in ways just like i do here on youtube, guys. Like literally, my entire youtube channel is a perfect demonstration of this, okay? i'm giving you things to do.

I had a guy just the other day, he tweeted me. He goes, "i made $100,000 a month." he got to 100k a month is what this guy claims. And again, this is unvalidated. We have no idea if this guy's actually telling us the truth or not, just to disclose. But this is what he says on twitter.

He says, "dude, i watched jeremy hayes youtube content. I got to 100k a month without ever paying the guy." and like, that is if that's true, of course, that is literally what i attempt to make my content for. So, i attempt to help you guys get richer, but i openly disclose like i hold back a lot of [ __ ] that if you pay me to help you with, i'll get you there a lot faster. I'll give you way more information and i'll give you a lot of different ways to consume and execute on that information. You understand?

like here on youtube, it's just in the way that i present it to you because you're not paying any money for it. And with a challenge funnel, with a 3-day virtual event, whichever you choose to do, people are paying ideally some ticket price, but some people do it for free. And again, it's the exact same logic. It's like you're giving them things that they could do to help get outcomes, but you're openly disclosing just like i am right now that i'm withholding a lot of what i could tell you. So, you pay me, right?

and if you literally tell people that and what you gave them for free was good, there's a high probability that they'll pay you for more, which is exactly what people do all the time here with us on youtube as an example. Right? so, again, my point is is it's the same thing in the challenge. You're like in full understanding of all the outcomes that people want, okay? and you have an offer stack that helps people achieve those outcomes in a more efficient way and with a bunch of different ways to achieve those outcomes, right?

and then your offer, that's all your offer is, is that right there is taking specific ways that you can help people and get those outcomes and bundling them together in an offer that align to their ideal outcomes. That's it. That's all the offer is. And you're anchoring. Okay, so i taught you guys this, so you can do this.

But in my offer, i've got this that i've put in there, which you would agree, like if that's your preferred way to go about getting this result, like dude, that's going to help a lot. And by the way, it does these expectations and it does them even better than what just this stuff i've already covered with you here is going to do for you. You understand? it's like, guys, as an example, literally right now, i sit here and film this video. I have a handful of people right now that pay us for consulting deals just on challenges alone, just on just on challenge funnels, just on virtual events.

They have one coming up. They want to make sure that they absolutely crank the [ __ ] out of that revenue that comes from it, and they don't want to [ __ ] anything up. So, they hire us. We come in, we teach them how to do everything. And i'll tell you with 100% certainty that i tell those guys, i tell my inner circle members, i tell even my master internet marketing students 80 to 90% more than what i'm sitting here yapping about with you right now.

Because guess what? i'll give you a perfect example. Everything that i'm telling you right now how to do, i'll give them literal examples of it. I'll say, "here's a challenge funnel recording that you can go watch of somebody executing this that did like $4 million on a challenge." you understand? it's like i'll give them an sop that's 134 pages.

I'll give them access to jeremy ai. I'll give them access to a group chat that has dozens of other people that have done challenges that they can ask questions to in there as well to get more than just my perspective. I'll give them the opportunity to meet with those people in person up to four times a year at a location with great food and other great people and a bunch of fun things to do that you'll never get the opportunity to use. But hear me out, right? you're still getting value from what you're sitting here consuming.

You understand? you're still understanding like technically what to do. I haven't held back on you and and like not disclosed what you need to technically go do, but i haven't given you a bunch of other things that would make a lot more sense to have. You understand? and that's what gets people to buy.

That's what you've got to successfully do when you do the pitch itself. Okay? so, all you're doing at this point, moral of the story, is you're anchoring. You're saying, "i've gotten you this level of result potential with what i've already sold you that we're sitting here talking about right now. But if you buy this offer, i've put this in that offer that gets you these results in this way." and it does these expectations even better because it's in the offer, right?

and i'm going down my list until i get to the end of the offer. Then i introduce the price and i say, and by the way, just to be clear, i think it's extremely fair to say that with everything that i've got in the offer itself, that i could easily charge a lot more than what i'm going to sit here and charge you guys now. Okay? because the result potential, because of what we've been able to successfully do with others that have already gone out there and achieved these results, we definitely know with certainty that we could charge more. But i want to be clear, like i do want to reward you guys.

I think it's extremely great to see that you have the discipline to sit here. You clearly have the willingness and the high desire to go out there and get these results. And look, man, i don't want to [ __ ] you. I want to give you guys a good deal and i want to help you out as much as possible. Our goals when we work with people is to flip the spectrum as fast as we can to get the you're [ __ ] me spectrum in your favor as fast as possible.

Okay? and so, long story short, the price that we're going to charge for this is and then you drop the price. Now, at this point, very important to note, relative to what the price is determines whether you're going to do a direct to checkout or whether you're going to do a book a call. Okay? and with the opportunity to do a book a call specifically, you're going to do it in layers.

Okay? and same thing with the direct to checkout. You're going to do it in layers in terms of how you pitch. I'm going to explain both for you right now so you can thoroughly understand it. Let's start with the direct to checkout.

So if you have a price that for a challenge or a 3-day virtual event is about $7,500 or less, you can get away with direct to checkout. It's going to be a little scary if you go above $6,500. I know it doesn't sound that much of a difference like $6,500 versus $7,500. Jeremy, you're telling me that's going to [ __ ] me and like lower my overall checkout rate because i went up a,000 bucks. Yeah, it does.

It makes a big difference, especially depending on if you're selling to the general public or if you're selling to rich people. So anyway, you start though by just saying, "look, here's the price. Here's the link. For those of you who are ready, go buy it now." so again, that's the directed checkout route. And at that point, you're going to sit there and you're going to start doing some objection handling and you're going to start doing some risk reversals.

Okay? very self-explanatory for objection handling. It's very important that you like frame this properly to understand like truly how easy it is. Okay? when you're in real life and you're selling somebody or when you're on the phone and you're selling somebody, you get the opportunity to have a back and forth and you've heard or observed from monitoring all your salespeople's calls what specifically comes up as objections.

I'm sure you're hyper aware of that if you're the right type of person sitting here watching this channel, right? it's a low probability that you're guessing. It's a high probability that you're just looking at data and saying, "well, this is always what comes up." now, that's what you want to start working through. Okay? all this is when you do this virtual pitch and you don't get the feedback of like back and forth objections like you would in a real life sales process.

Your job is to go through every objection that could come up and riskreverse them. Okay? either overcome them or riskreverse them. Okay? so moral of the story is you drop the price.

You say, "hey, go check out by the way, let me just cover a few things that commonly come up that hold people back from doing these deals. Objection one, this is how we overcome it. Objection two, this is how we overcome it. By the way, some people view it as risky. We reduce that risk by doing this instead." right?

and you go through as many as you have to go through. Okay. Now, what you want to do at this point is after you've gone through all those objections, you want to drop the price to whatever is the next option for people to buy, which might be a payment plan option. So, that first link that you would drop, no payment plans, none of that [ __ ] it's all direct piffs, okay? piffs only on the first link.

Pay in fulls, direct to checkout, nothing else on that [ __ ] page, dude. Okay? and after you go through all those, you want to drop that same link again. You want to be like, "look, by the way, for all those you ready to move forward again, here's that link." okay? and again, same pay and full link that you they drop right then and there.

Now, after that, okay, what you're going to do is you are officially going to introduce the payment plans, but you're going to give a little bit of time in between that last piff link drop and when you drop the payment plan link. That way, those people can check out. So, you're going to say, "okay, now i know a few of you, you just got to make sense of the money." all right? you know, you want it. You know you want the outcomes.

You know you want the offers. You know, this makes sense for you, but the money's holding you back. And so, let me help you make sense of doing a payment plan with us. We got a bunch of different ways to do this. And then you pitch the payment plans.

So, whether that's internal payment plans like internal split pays, or whether that's all these [ __ ] softwares and tools and financing companies that offer payment plan options nowadays, you're going to pitch all of them pretty much. You're going to say, "look, you can do this financing option. Here's their average interest rates." and and just to be clear, you always when you start talking about interest rates and payment plans, you want to make sure you frame it. You want to be like, "look, look, some of you guys might be scared to go into debt, right? let me tell you about the differences between good debt and bad debt." okay?

and then moral of the story, you go back to pitching how to make sense of the money. And then what you'd obviously want to say is, "look, guys, you go to car dealership. Do they just gamble everything on one financing company?" sometimes, you know, if you get approved with the first one, maybe they don't spam you to like 40 other ones. But here's the thing, guys. We don't have 40 options.

We have, you know, three or five or two. What we'd encourage you to do is go apply with each one of these and see what they'd approve you for and just move forward with whichever one has the best option for you. Okay, super pro tip, by the way. If i introduce a price and i leave the answer to a simple like yes or no, i got a 50/50 shot of getting a yes or a 50/50 shot of getting a no. If i introduce, let's say, the pay in full, the payment plans, and i have like three options for my payment plans.

Just when i get to the payment plan portion of the pitch, i've got like the internal payment plan and i've got like the piffs that are going to pay me like a little less but fund that individual and put them on a payment plan with potential clawback clauses depending on which financing party you use. That reduces the no significantly. So if i give them four options as an example, three of which are yes to me and one of which is a no. That reduces my no from 50% to 25% in that example and it gives me a 75% chance for a yes. And that's what we're looking for here.

You understand? so again, make sense of the money. Drop sell it. Get to the point where you do the next part which is the rep pitch which again put a pin in that i got to justify the book a call part of this process and then we'll get to that last section which is the rep pitch. So moral of the story once you get to the point again where you're in your pitch you're ready to officially make the call to action for people to buy but you're going to do a book a call instead of a direct to checkout because your price is higher than the threshold where it makes sense to do a direct to checkout.

There's a few ways you can do this. Okay, i would encourage you follow what i'm going to talk about here. Number one, you do a pitch with the call, but a deposit to book the call. Okay? so, we have clients, they'll sell something for like 9,000 to 20,000 plus dollars, and they'll tell people things like, "look, guys, you're going to you're going to have the opportunity now to book a call with their team where we're going to go through any questions that you have.

We want to give the opportunities though to the people here with us right now that are the most serious about doing this." okay? we are going to now give you the opportunity to book a call. However, we are going to allow the serious people to book calls first. Okay? so, if you're serious, here's what we're going to do.

You know this is for you. You know you want to buy it. There's a very high probability you're going to buy it at the very least. So, you lock in this opportunity. Go ahead and book your call time, but you'll notice we're going to request x amount of dollars out of the total amount of dollars that the offer costs.

Okay? if for some reason you get on that call and you determine it's not for you, whatever, we'll refund the deposit to you. It's a deposit after all. We'll also give you the opportunity, by the way, in the instance, this is like a total side note, you don't have to openly pitch this, but you can if you want, just to make sense of the deposit more. Depends on how you want to do it.

Again, it's a preference based on the buying demographic that you have there. By the way, we're going to give you the opportunity where look, if if it if the main offer doesn't make sense for you with that deposit money that you put, we have this dropell offer, which we'll tell you about on the call. I'm not going to sit here and talk about it now. But look, few options. We'll just refund your money.

You walk away. It's a deposit after all. Or we can just credit your money towards this other offer instead, which again we'll talk to you about on the call if you're having trouble making sense of the 9k. So, if you want a priority slot on the calendar, you want to be able to talk to us asap, like i'm talking like later today, tomorrow, the next day, like you want a priority slot on the calendar, go book your call time, pay your deposit, that deposit gets credited towards the total amount that you're obviously going to buy for. We'll make sense of the money on the call, whether you're doing a paying full, a funding option, like we've got all those things.

We'll talk about it on the call. Just go book your call now. Go ahead and take action. Here's the link. Bam.

And same exact logic. You do the objection handling. You do the risk reversals. And you get to the point where you're like, repitch, go book your call. Here's the deposit link again.

Then you start to say, and by the way, for those of you who are having a little trouble either, hey, maybe you need to make sense of the money, payment plans, financing options, go book your call with the deposit, right? do that final go book your call with the deposit. And then you want to close it out by saying, "okay, so for those of you who know you still want to book a call, but you still have too much fear and uncertainty to make you put that deposit down. I'm going to allow you the opportunity to book a call, but i just want to be fair, right? i i openly disclosed all the people who book with a deposit, they get the opportunity to book first.

Those are our priority calendar slots. Those of you who are not ready to put a deposit down yet, but again, you know, this is right for you, but you have some questions that hold you back enough to not even have the willingness to put a deposit down, right? so therefore, you kind of want to push this out a little further, which i wouldn't encourage. You know, i would absolutely encourage use that link to book a deposit and get your call with the priority. Show yourself you're committed to this, right?

again, it's refundable either way. There's no risk in doing that. We will give you your money back. Look, guys, if you don't even trust us enough to give you your money back after you make a deposit if it truly doesn't make sense, that way you can get a priority calendar slot. Why are you even still sitting here?

right? if you don't trust me that that much, don't even sit here, you know, just leave now, right? we want to we want to show you that you are the person that holds you back or moves you forward. And this is great opportunity to show yourself that you're serious about getting these outcomes and results you're after. But again, if you're not right and you and you're still on the fence and you and you you truly just again don't want to throw the deposit to book the call at a priority rate, we can book you in 5 days from now through like maybe 10 to 15 days from now.

Okay? no cost to be able to book those calls. Here's that link. And then again, all kinds of objections for a more skeptical demographic with risk reversals geared more towards the skeptical demographic. And then repitch both links.

Again, for those of you who know you want a priority slot, deposit booking link. For those of you not as serious, you know, you just you just scared, you know, you don't necessarily want to use the deposit link. Boom. Go book your call anyway. Talk to us.

Book your call either way. Right? those are the two ways that you're going to do your pitch. Now, at this point, it's very important to note you can do there's two things when i say repitch, right? there's the myron golden pitch, which i've talked about in other videos here on the channel when we talk about the outline of the three days.

You're going to start your third day of content with a literal repitch, like a myron golden rep pitch. When i say repitch in this context right now, i'm not talking in the context of like the myin golden repitch. I'm literally just talking in the context of like, look, as soon as you get through all that [ __ ] you're going to go back and go repitch the whole thing. Okay? i've talked about this on this channel a lot.

It's like as an example with this ipad here. Okay, you see what you see, okay? and i know what you see right now because i know what an ipad is. So, i'm going to describe it for you, right? you see some little like metal things over here that like maybe you don't know what the [ __ ] that is.

You see some writing. You see an apple logo in the middle. You see some cameras and a flashlight. Like you see whatever colors you see. Well, on my end, i see something totally different, right?

like i see a screen and i see writing and and it's totally i see a black border, you know, and what looks to be maybe a camera. Like my angle compared to your angle are totally different when we look at this thing. Okay? and so when you very first pitch something, it's very important to note like you're initially pitching this perspective of the thing that you're pitching. Okay?

and when you do the rep pitch, your repitch, you're trying to pitch them a totally different angle on the same thing. So when you go back and you do your repitch, by the way, mastery level [ __ ] i'm sitting here putting you on game two right now. Okay? mastery level [ __ ] like for you to [ __ ] this up somehow, you'd have to be pretty close to the iq of a rock. Okay, these challenge funnels in these 3-day virtual events absolutely rip when it comes to revenue potential.

And i can't stress enough. I have examples i can show you this. I have massive sops i can sit here and send to you that go indepth on all of this. And i have so much more information than what i'm even sitting here talking about right now that i can put you on game to. Check out the links in the description.

Like especially on something like this. A challenge funnel is insane. 3-day virtual events are insane for the revenue potential they have. There's never been an easier way to justify being able to afford easily and immediately flip the spectrum. Like, we get it, guys.

As soon as you pay us, we're [ __ ] you, okay? we have to get you your money back and we have to make you far more than what you're ideally paying us for you to truly be satisfied. We understand, right? we're [ __ ] you initially. This, as an example of a funnel type, is one of the easiest possible scenarios for you to immediately flip that spectrum back.

And we do so, by the way, with things that don't even require this level of commitment to be able to make your money back. We had a guy join in the other day. His name's gian. Shout out to gian if he's watching this. He joinsed into the inner circle.

His cost per call was in the 300s when he joined in. I taught him a bunch of stuff as it related to meta andromeda and all the best practices of campaign structure for his callunnel messaging best practices. Bro, this [ __ ] lower, he's an inner circle member. This [ __ ] lowered his cost per call down into the low 200s. Okay, the math played out to where what he paid for his first month of being a part of the group, he needed like low30s.

I think it was like 32 or 37 calls to be able to and again, he's going to get those calls cuz he's spending thousands of dollars a day on call funnels. He needed 30 something calls to happen to be able to make back the money within the first 10 days of being a part of the group. Okay, that's how fast we're able to flip that spectrum back into your favor. And again, i can't stress enough if there's ever been a funnel type, if you're even remotely close to considering committing to a challenge funnel, a 3-day virtual event, whichever one you chalk it up as there. Again, i just can't stress enough.

Go press those links down in the description. Buy some [ __ ] from me. Get what you need to actually make this work at the highest possible level because it this is the type of funnel that's a lump sum funnel. It's meant to work at the highest possible level. Okay?

don't just swing and miss on this. Make sure that you actually crack. Okay? so, anyway, long story short, back to my point. When you do the rep pitch, okay, you're repitching people just from a different perspective on the exact same thing, and you follow literally the exact same process i just laid out, but you try to plug things that are just from a slightly different view comparatively to what you previously talked about.

Okay, so anyway, hope you enjoyed this video. Go check out all the other ones in this specific series on mastering challenge funnels, virtual events, whatever you want to call it, and make some [ __ ] money, huh? go get richer. Talk soon.


############################################################
# The Perfect Sales Page Layout For Challenge Funnels
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CueNYVQcJDc
############################################################

Welcome back to the challengefunnel 3-day virtual event series. In this one, we're going to be going through the sales page best practices. I want to be fair, we're also going to pepper into this video the webinar promotion strategy to a virtual event because you can do both long form sales pages and you could do a webinar promotion strategy. And technically, you can get away with doing both. Just depends on your type of buying demographic and which one might make the most sense for you.

In this video, we're going to go through step by step what specifically each page should have on it. What subsequent steps including order form pages, upsell pages, confirmation steps, even callunnel steps should be included within this process that you are about to endure. If you're new to the channel, all we do around here is talk about hitting million-doll months or tacking on that next million a month. We don't make any income claims, though. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability to go out there and make income.

We don't know if you can flip 5k into 5k. So, long story short, we're not implying you're going to go out there and hit million- dollar months or make any money for that matter because again, we have no idea who you are. There's no earning potential watching this. I'm just putting you on game. If you're already a subscriber, per usual, it's a pleasure to have you here.

I got another banger for you. Without further ado, let's dive in. So, the sales pages, right? there's two things for this. You got the long form sales page and then you have the webinar promotion strategy.

And both of these can technically work. Sometimes one works better than the other. Sometimes they're neck and neck and other times it doesn't even make sense to do one or the other. And we're going to go through what these pages should look like if you choose to endure either one. Let's start with long form sales pages.

So, as described in terms of the funnel flow, let's go through that first. It starts off with a sales page. And again, we'll go through what should be on the actual page in terms of sections here shortly. Sometimes you got the actual two-step order form. Sometimes you just have buttons that click over to the actual order form page.

And usually what you do from there is you have the actual order form itself. In some instances, depending on what you've got, you can do a little bumpell on the order page, too. And again, we'll talk about that here shortly. From there, you have in most instances two one-time offers. And you'll typically have two upsells.

Simply put, you'll have oto1 and you'll have oto2. And then generally from there, most people [ __ ] this up by either just having a sales page and order form and then going to a confirmation page. But the pros, they'll have those order forms with the bump cells. They'll have the two, not one but two, sometimes even more than that, one-click upsells. And then from there, they'll have a confirmation page slash callfunnel.

And right here, they'll embed their vssl and their actual application and scheduleuler. Now, this specific flow, the reason you do this is you're typically trying to maximize your average order value. If you're trying to get as many people as you possibly can to buy your upsells and to obviously buy the vip package rather than the general ticket. And in addition to that, even go as far as booking a call to buy the main thing you're going to try to sell them in the virtual event prior to the virtual event even starting. This is the pro strategy to the long form sales page approach.

Okay. Now, just to be clear, when it comes to the actual pages, okay, there's typically a few things that you want to make sure that you have, and we'll go through those here together. Long form sales pages aren't anything new. If you've been in the internet marketing space for a long time now, you're likely already going to fully understand and be more than capable and aware of all of what should be on this page. But regardless, we'll go through it here together.

So, typically, it starts off with a headline. The headline at the top typically is followed by a sub headline. These are typically claim. Okay, this is typically and not an income claim. Need i say for all you non-compliant [ __ ] watching this thinking you're going to get away with that.

You don't want to put some kind of blatant head headline here that's going to be an income claim. You want to try to steer clear of income claims in general. It's a great best practice. Ideally, what you put here is some type of outcome that somebody wants, okay? or the theme of whatever the whole topic is of the actual event itself.

Now, contrary to popular belief, you don't just immediately throw some kind of big vssl right here. You can, but it's not a vssl application funnel, and that's not really the focal point that we want people to have. Typically, what you do straight away, kind of like a old-fashioned book funnel, is you can have a two-step order form right here, where you literally have step one and step two embedded right here at the very top of the page. Okay? and then this bottom section here, this is where you can have that little check box for whatever the bump cell is going to be.

So, you can do it this way. Okay? okay. In addition to that, you can choose a little different approach depending on what you want to do here. So, usually we have a little character photo over here.

It's just kind of like a supporting photo. And then over here on this side, we generally have a little more text. We have some paragraph text that's below it or bullet point style text. And then usually we have a cta button. This is generally how it starts.

All the better, by the way, if you can get one of those photos that shows a bunch of people on zoom in a grid in the background. Those zoom photos, especially when it's a virtual event. If you've got something with you in front of a big screen, makes you look all the better in terms of being a super professional at virtual events. If you don't, just keep in mind, you live in a day and age where you can just photoshop [ __ ] and that's a good pro tip for the style of this specific image. Helps a lot with the promotion strategy of this whole thing, just to immediately set the tone for what level you're operating at here.

So anyway, once you get that handled, whether you put the two-step order form right there or whether you follow more of this flow, typically what you do from there is you progress down the page is you have a little section that outlines the pricing. Now, the pricing can have two things, okay? it can have the actual pricing boxes and it can also have a timer. There's typically, if you've watched in this series that we've had so far on virtual events and challenge funnels, a strategy when it comes to the promotion cycle of this whole thing. And if you haven't watched that video, go check it out after this.

But with the promotion cycle, usually you have the early bird and then you have extended early bird. Sometimes in there you also have a little bit of a holiday sale. Then you usually have your regular pricing for like one week leading up to it. And then you have lastm minute the fomo pricing which is essentially the get [ __ ] price. Okay?

it's a lot higher than the rest because you want to punish those people for buying late. Now with this typically what you do is let's use the example you're in the early bird phase. You'll have these here like grayed out. You know how something on the internet can look fully colored, pop a little bit, little drop shadow around this tile here, and the other three subsequent tiles that represent what the pricing is going to be and when it's going to be that price. They're grayed out.

That way, the person who's sitting there reading it can easily understand that those aren't real yet. Just to be clear, by the way, super pro tip, this can be a clickable button if you want it to be that leads them over to that two-step order form page or the order form page entirely. Now obviously once you get done with whatever step you were previously at that box then becomes grayed out and the next little tile becomes the one that is real clickable and what represents. Now typically when you have that pricing box there and again you lay out the timer. Okay, the timer allows them to see like how much time is left not until the challenge starts but until the pricing ends for that specific current price point.

Okay, huge pro tip because if you do the timer for the actual challenge, that's typically the farthest, longest timer that you can put onto the page and it doesn't add as much scarcity or fear of missing out. It doesn't really drive as much action comparatively. So, keep that in mind. Now, after that, you typically go through the outcome section, okay? and the outcomes are usually visualized a little differently depending on how you do it.

Like, some people have images and some text and they lay it out like this. Um, some people just lay out like more of i don't know, really depends on your style of design, i guess, at this point. But long story short, you essentially have like the outcomes and then you have what's called the agenda section. Okay? so, if you follow our approach with how we typically encourage you to do these things, you're going to have three full days of content that you are going to promote.

Now, on those days, you typically have bullet points and then what comes with it. Okay? and these really important you understand this like this is where you're promoting what is talked about and when. These titles, okay, these matter a lot. So these titles should all be outcomebased as well.

They should all be like, okay, we're covering this and like this is what specifically the outcome is of us covering that thing. Okay? so therefore, you don't want to cover like all the technical rigar [ __ ] you're going to be talking about. You just want to talk about the outcome. This section we're getting you this outcome.

This section we're helping you with this outcome. This section we're helping you with this outcome blah blah blah you get what i mean so again the agenda section very important very critical section usually from there depending on how you actually execute your challenge some of you are going to have other speakers okay and you're going to have other talking heads and so from there this is where you typically introduce the other people that are going to be talking amongst with you and you want to obviously build some credibility for these people so you have their headsh shot you have their bio and need i not say the most obvious thing which is obviously you want to have speakers that people likely know and if they have no idea who the [ __ ] they are or whether they do know who the [ __ ] they are justify the bio not as some random [ __ ] that the person sends to you to put there. Okay, don't be lazy. You want to put the bio as what specifically that person is going to teach and talk about as it relates to the challenge funnel or virtual event topic. Okay.

So many times when we help clients or we consult with people on launching these funnel strategies, they just ask the person, "hey, send us over a bio, send us over a headsh shot." and they just [ __ ] roll with that and they put it here. You don't want to do that. Okay? you don't want to do that. Now, typically once you go through the speakers, you'll typically have another, we just call it like a generic cta box.

This generic cta box typically has like a block of text with it that's like either just a big headline and a button. Okay? and this is usually just another call to action like, "hey, you know, take action. Hey, it's time." just to be extremely clear, every single section that i've sat here and talked about so far has buying buttons paired with it. This generic cta box is more so a literal headline and a cta button just a little further down the page.

Now, from here, again, you usually reiterate some kind of what's called a pricing table. And so, the pricing table, this is typically where you showcase like what comes with the actual ticket. Okay. Now, for this section in particular, when you look at it, you typically have two main boxes here, okay? you have the general admission ticket, and then you have the vip ticket.

Okay? now, these two prices depending on whatever you're charging at a given time. You're showcasing like this is what comes with general. This is what comes with vip. You know, this is the extra [ __ ] that comes with vip.

This is why you'd want to buy it. Bam. You lay those out there and you be technical with people about what comes with it. Now, just to be clear, from there, you're going to reiterate the same thing. You're going to do that generic uh what do we call it?

if i could spell generic cta box again, headline button. This is by the way best to do with objections. Okay, so when you start to get into this bottom section of the page, you want to start working in objection handling in a different way because you got to think about it like this. If the person's still not sold by the time they reach here, there's probably some very specific [ __ ] that we haven't spoken to them about yet that we're going to want to cover. These could be simple things like do they get access to the recordings or not, right?

and there's a lot of different things that we could technically add as entire sections. If you feel the need to do that, do that. If not, and how most people will end their page is with an faq section. Now, that faq section is usually just a big old list of a question and an answer, right? and when you click on these little boxes, they're like drop-down boxes.

So, it's like just a list of questions. And when they click on it, it expands a little bit and it shows them an answer there. You typically end the page with a final cta section. And again, this is usually just another headline with a button. And that's it.

Usually, that's the flow and the look of these long form pages. Okay? that's generally how you're going to outline these whole things. And you're typically going to have a good time. Now, once you get to the point where you go and get this finished, you obviously have a few other pages that you subsequently need to build out.

You got to build an order form page. Okay. The order form pages can be a little simpler, too. They typically just have either a two-step order form, like step one, fill out your personal information. Step two, give us the additional information that we need like credit card information, sometimes address stuff.

The fewer fields, the better off you are. Name, email, phone on step one. And then whatever you need to actually collect the credit card information on step two on order form page. Okay, you want to have an order bump. By the way, i just want to point out if you're wondering, >> hey jeremy, why don't you just showcase an actual challenge page that we can model from from one of these clients that you have.

>> i only do that for people who pay me, okay? you're here on on youtube for free, you know. Anyway, long story short, the order form pages themselves, two-step order form, little order bump on it, some good old trust badges on that order form page, typically you have something that maybe testimonials as an example. If you've done these a few times, or just testimonials attesting to you as the speaker, that's what you want to put onto that order form page, too. Anything that simply put just helps people say, "i'm in." you also, super [ __ ] pro tip here, okay?

can't even believe i'm giving you this one for free on youtube. If you have setters that can man the chat function, throw one of those little chat bubbles in the bottom right corner of either the sales page or andor the order form page, but 100% the order form page. Have a support email there. Have a support phone number there and have the damn chat bubble on the order form page. You would be impressed to know the amount of people that wanted to buy that didn't buy because they had some kind of tech issue on your page or maybe they had one very specific question that your setter could have sold somebody into.

Okay. Now, just to be clear, another thing that i can't believe i'm giving you for free here on youtube, incentivizing the setters to actually do that. You can pay them like tens of dollars to actually just say, "hey, i sold a ticket." right? essentially, whatever your cost per purchase is, you just double it and pay that to the setter, too, cuz that person probably wouldn't have bought if it wasn't for the setter converting them. Or you can give a very small percentage of a pool.

Okay? let's say out of the total amount of revenue that comes from ticket sales, you give a very small pool to the setters per day that man those chats. Okay, something to consider. So anyway, on your upsell pages, your oto1, your oto2, those one-click offers, all you got to do, really simple to understand this one. Typically, it's a headline, a vssl, some supporting text, another button, and then a little tiny link below that that says something like, "no thanks, i don't want this." your vssl that's on the otto page.

Those upsell pages, that's typically what matters the most. They should be super simple, like, "hey, congratulations. You just bought that thing. Really excited to help you out. I've got this that can complement it.

Let me explain how it compliments it. If you're interested, press the button below. It only costs this much. Really excited to help you out. Talk soon." so, you're complimenting and saying out loud, "hey, you just successfully made that purchase.

Thank you so much. Check out this. Maybe it makes sense." and if you pick the right thing, like we talked about inside of my kpis and expectations video in this series, you're going to have a good time and you're going to have a high take rate. Okay? it's the same thing on the second otto page.

Now, the one step in this whole funnel that i want to make really clear to you is the very last step, which is the confirmation step that can also act as a call funnel. Okay? top of the page has very strong text that just says, "congratulations, you've officially secured your ticket. Check out this video below for further instruction." you filled a custom video there that's like, "hey, thank you so much. You're officially in." whether you got any of that other stuff that we presented to you or not, those were all one-time offers.

So, hopefully you got them. If you didn't, sorry. Um, if you did get them, you know, here's how you access all your stuff. You know, it's kind of like a here's how you get access to all this in the expectations video. What you want to do in addition to that is treat this page as an opportunity right below that section to post the receipt.

And then right below that, you pretty much just copy and paste your vssl that you have in your standard call funnel. Headline vssl application. The application ideally is embedded with auler. Once they schedule their call, take them to a standard call confirmation step following the best practices that we lay out for you in our call confirmation pages. We want you to make sure you have things like urgency videos, breakout videos, testimonials, videos that demonstrate how [ __ ] they could get if the deal goes wrong and all those things.

Check out the rest of my videos on my channel when it comes to confirmation page best practices and my back-end selling systems for tips specifically on that. But again, i can't stress it enough. You can get calls immediately from the people who buy the challenge and you can rapidly ascend them before the actual virtual event starts to get some people to buy the main thing that you're going to pitch in the challenge in the first place. This specific flow, when you combine it with some of the expectations that i've talked about in the kpi expectations video in this whole series, you're going to have a good time. You can typically be very profitable going in and working with a flow like this on a page.

Obviously, if your page conversion rates are sucking booty, you want to make sure that you run some cro tests, okay? conversion rate optimization is your best friend and being willing to split test these things to drive down your overall cost per purchase and drive up your overall conversion rate on these pages. Okay, so if you follow the best practices of long form sales pages, you're typically going to have a good time. The other very important thing to consider is the webinar strategy. So if you choose to do the webinar strategy, it's a very different approach.

Okay, so the webinar promotion strategy for an actual like virtual event and challenge funnel i think personally is like super silly. But i will be very fair and saying i don't want to be right. I just want to make money. It's a golden rule that i follow. And i have seen different businesses that we've worked with in the inner circle specifically that we have that have failed to convert people through long form sales pages and they've only converted people through webinars.

And in that approach, you typically have a drastically higher cost per purchase because there's many more steps of friction in the process. You don't just have to be a major personal brand or a major brand to pull off a successful, profitable cost per purchase on a long form sales page. You have to have a dialedin sales page. Now, the specific instances that i'm thinking of inside my jeremy's inner circle offer for these members that only got webinar promotion to work for them, they come into the inner circle and they tell me they have these like shitty agencies that don't really do that good that to be fair to them encourage the webinar promotion strategy over the long form sales page strategy. And so, they've likely just gotten better at that comparatively to strengthening their skill sets with long form sales pages.

So anyway, i think it has more so an indication of who they've chosen to work with is the point i'm trying to emphasize with that. More so than like it wouldn't work for anybody and only one or the other sometimes works. But regardless, now obviously on the webinar page, your kpi is going to be your opt-in rate, and that's something that's very important to consider. It's a huge point of friction within that process. The lower it is, the higher cost per opt-in.

You then have your show rate that you have to consider to the actual webinar. You then have the actual webinar itself that occurs. And here you have your overall conversion rate. And typically, and believe it or not, you typically have the same exact steps from here. So, you take people over to an order form page.

Usually in the webinar itself, one of the big value components of doing it through a webinar rather than to a long form sales page is you're going to get a higher take rate for vip because you're sitting there and you're selling to people in real time on a webinar. So, you can justify the vip a little more than you would through a long form sales page. So typically a benefit of the webinar promotion strategy, you get a higher quantity of people to do vip. You can still do the same thing here and you can have a little bump sale. Again, you can typically do the same exact thing and you can have your one-click offers and even better than that, you can actually tell people about those offers.

And even better than that, again, you can follow every subsequent step that follows with the callfunnel steps with the confirmation page factored in. So, all this leads you to most instances a higher quantity of vips, a higher cost per purchase, but for some people, it's the really only way to actually get their challenge funnel tickets to sell. Most of the time, it's when you have a really shitty long form sales page, a really shitty team that you've hired that's just doing a terrible job at cro actions and like building good sales pages. But hey, whatever. You got what you got, you know?

so whichever one you choose to go with, this is typically the best approach to the actual sales page strategy, whether it's the long form page or the actual webinar page when it comes to the best practices of both. Execute these successfully. You're going to have a good time. And of course, if you want to have actual examples of this, you're going to want to get access to my challenge sop and all of our consulting that we do inside of programs like my jeremy's inner circle offer. We also give out the sop and talk extensively about challenge funnels inside of week one of our master internet marketing class.

Both of which there's links for down below. At the very least, whether you are here and just trying to consume value for free, go check out the other videos in this specific series on these 3-day virtual events, challenge funnels, and all the other videos on my channel. Go out there and get rich.


############################################################
# The KPIs You Must Track To Succeed With Challenge Funnels
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dMSP2xWhyg
############################################################

Welcome back to the challengefunnel/3day virtual event series. In this particular video, we are going to be going through what your kpi expectations should be throughout this virtual event. We're going to be talking about things like cost per purchase expectations, show rate expectations for each day of the challenge, total conversion rate expectations, repitch conversions. We're going to go through the whole shebang here in this video today. If you're new to the channel, welcome in.

All we do around here is talk about hitting milliondoll months or if you're already there, tacking on the next million a month. We don't make any income claims, though. We have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any possibility to make that possible for you. All we know is is what the us bureau of labor statistics tells us, which is that.1% of all businesses on earth ever hit the big 10 million a year, let alone the even smaller percentage of people that would do 12 million a year, aka million-doll months. So, long story short, again, no income claims, no earnings expectations, no earning potential, just game that i'm putting you on.

If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. And hopefully by this point, you've watched a few of the other videos within this particular series cuz this fits snugly in there if you're going to commit to a virtual event. So, without further ado, let's dive into it. First of all, every virtual event that we do is paid.

Okay? we do not like free because free has a completely different set of statistics that are correlated to it. Now, i'm going to give you a few little caveats when it comes to free that you can technically get away with. It depends on who you are and how big of an audience and following you have and how many people you can get into it in the first place to start to financially model out whether these statistics will make sense for you. So, one of my inner circle members, i'm not going to say these guys' names cuz i don't want to openly air out their statistics since they haven't done done so themselves already.

But anyway, these two guys, we have the front-facing personal brand and then we have the guy that's responsible for the operations, sales, and marketing. Now, these two boys, they have literally low-end hundreds of millions of people that look at their content in a month. It's extreme. There's also a very high quantity of those people that click to their instagram accounts, their tik tok accounts, navigate over to their youtube page. Again, these guys have scaled their personal brand content through clippers.

Okay, now that's a whole different video, but regardless, due to the quantity of viewership that they get, they took the route for their challenge funnel to do free rather than have it cost money. Typically, when you do the route of free, you have a completely different set of expectations that you are going to experience. First of all, your show rates are going to be booty for the most part. You typically see about a 10 to 20% show rate. Now, these two guys specifically what they're trying to do to combat that is a raffle where they're saying, "hey, if you show up and comment something in the chat for 3 days that we're doing the event, you are automatically entered into this raffle and they're giving out money.

I think they're also going to give out a rolex watch, little roly pololy, and that might influence their show rate a bit, but i just want to be really clear when i say this. When you generally fall into bribing people to get them to show up, it can work. Like look at the time share model as a great example of that. That industry is a literal bribe to sit down and actually hear out their sales pitch. They fly you out somewhere.

They get you into some kind of resort. They allow you to go get a show or dinner or lunch or something like that on them usually. And all they want from you is just 90 full minutes of your attention to try to get you to purchase a time share. So clearly bribing can work. I want to be very fair in saying that.

But generally when it comes to like a free virtual event, i mean listen, the incentive is is show up, comment something, and then bounce. So naturally, if a system can be gained, it will be gained. Very important to take note of that. Can they influence their show rate to be higher than that through things like my back-end selling systems, the hammer them strategy, setters potentially reaching out to these folks and trying to confirm and get them excited and make them show up, valued dense email sequences, a proper well-built confirmation page. Yeah, all these things can absolutely influence the show rate to be a little greater than that, but when it's free, you're typically going to have a bad time.

But here's the thing, though. These guys, they're shooting for 150,000 registrants. Okay? so, even if they get a 10 to 20% show rate, they're still going to be sitting at about 15 to 20,000 people that are going to show up live and watch them go throughout their content. Now, we already have a video in this dedicated playlist to these virtual events where we go through what the content flow should be.

So, make sure to go check that out to get an idea of what these guys are going to flow through in terms of what they teach, when they make their pitch, when they make their repitch, etc., and how the actual outline of the content is. But here's what i want to make really clear. When you do it free, you also see a bigger drop off rate for each subsequent day that follows. So, as an example, if i'm going to see, let's let's give them the benefit of the doubt in this example and say that they for day one are going to get a full 20% show rate. Okay?

well, day two is typically a lot worse and same with day three. The good news is again, if you watch the outline of when we do what in these challenges for the content, we make our pitch on day two. However, day two when it's a free challenge is usually about half of whatever the total attendance was on day one. If you do an incredible job, like i'm talking damn near perfect execution on day one, you can still have a relatively high show rate on day two, but it's still going to get chopped at the knees comparatively to if people paid for it. So, it's a big give and take when you choose to take action on whether it's going to be free or whether you do it paid.

And the biggest part that makes the most substantial difference is the total quantity of registrance that you're actually probable to drive into the challenge. So, if these guys do pull off a huge quantity of people, 150,000 people that register, that'll typically exceed the amount that people would get there if they paid for it. Okay? and that's a very important distinction. It will have more people that are there.

The other very important thing to consider is is how many of those people are actually going to be probable to buy. You're typically going to see a lower overall conversion rate against the total amount of people that you got to opt into the challenge or depending on how you want to do the statistic. You can also do it based on the total quantity of people that showed up to the challenge. Now, here's the thing. This is going to be a pretty low statistic, but again, this is typically what we see.

We typically see a 1 to 3% conversion rate against the total quantity of registrants that opted in in the first place that end up buying whatever the thing is that's pitched on day two. Okay, so that's where the actual money comes in in this case. So these guys huge organic presence. Hey, sign up for the challenge. Sign up for the challenge.

We got this challenge coming up. Assuming they get upwards of 150,000 people to register, they get 15 to maybe 30,000 people that actually show up to this thing on day one. They get 7,500 or maybe upwards of 15,000 to show up on day two. That's how many people they're pitching to. Okay?

if they convert 1 to 3% of 150,000 people and they sell something that's several thousand that's direct to checkout and maybe they also get people who can do a call funnel who aren't willing to buy then and there to clear out the rest and then they feed everybody else who showed up to the challenge to their setter team to reach out and try to milk some subsequent revenue from those guys. They're still probable to have a good time right now. Just to be clear, their hard costs go up a lot. Anybody who's executed any kind of significant event, which again, if you're the right type of person watching this channel, you've likely come across this issue already and know about this. You got to pay zoom a pretty substantial amount of money to do a zoom webinar with more than several thousand people.

I believe the minimum is 5 to 10,000 people where all of a sudden you're paying zoom like 10 to 15,000 plus dollars. Now, just to be clear, in the context of a challenge funnel or a virtual event, that's just more cash you got to front. And in most instances, you're doing these things to make a few million dollars at once or, you know, on a smaller level, high couple hundred thousand ideally. So, again, it's worth the cost, but it's still it adds to like the total upfront amount that you have to front for the whole thing. It's a lot more tech issues that can go wrong when you have like too high of a quantity of people, as silly as that sounds.

But anyway, here's the moral of the story. 1 to 3% conversion rate against 150,000 registrants is still [ __ ] awesome. I mean, that's going to be a huge payday. Imagine you convert 1,500 people on a $5,000 price. You know, you're going to have a good time if you do that math.

Okay. Now, comparatively, when you look at the paid statistics, which are in most instances completely different and a little more favorable, every one of these stats changes. Okay. So, again, these stats here, this is for the free challenge. And then when you look at a paid version of the challenge, the paid version is typically far more favorable.

So you're you're going to get a lower total quantity of people that are going to buy the actual virtual event when you do a paid challenge. And you got to look at that first. So you have the total clicks and then you have the total buyers of the actual challenge itself. So like total buyers of the ticket. This can typically range from anywhere as low as 5%.

We've seen these as high as 15%. And the 15%, by the way, just to give you an idea. I mean, that's a phenomenal conversion rate on a sales page, like phenomenal. Just to be clear, that came from a very niche challenge that was executed geared towards the accounting niche. They had a dialedin sales page that was aligned perfectly to the expectations and the desires of the accounting niche for the people that they were going after.

They were going after bookkeepers. They were going after cpas. And man, the claims that they made, the messaging that they had, it's one of the highest levels of responsiveness that we've seen in a while. But you can typically convert about 5 to 10% of your total page. And i just want to be really clear when i say this.

I've converted a lot of people, excuse me, i've consulted a lot of people on challenge funnels over the years, and i've seen a lot worse than this. This statistic will wildly influence and dictate what your overall profitability is going to be going into the challenge itself. Okay? and the stats that make up your cost per purchase of the actual ticket itself, they're made up of a few stats. You've got cpms, you've got your link click-through rates on the ad level itself, you've obviously got your page conversion.

Some people also typically promote through a webinar. And by the way, we have a whole video in this channel dedicated to the promotion cycle and how long that looks and like what you do during the promotion cycle and what you need. We also have a video dedicated to sales page best practices within this series. And in that video, we talk about long form sales pages. And we also talk about a webinar strategy that you can use.

Now, just to be clear, if you use the webinar strategy specifically, you obviously have a few more stats that are going to make up your cost per purchase, like cost per opt-in, and that's dictated by cpms, link click-through rate, the opt-in rate of your actual webinar. You have the show rate to your webinar, and then of course, you have your actual conversion rate of the webinar of pushing people to buy tickets. So, if you do a long form sales page, which typically liquidates more of the spend profitably that you're going to put out in order to get ticket buyers in the first place, you obviously have your page conversion rate to look at. And that can sometimes be made up of other statistics, too. Like, as an example, let's say you have a two-step order form.

You have that stat like how many people fill out the first step, how many people actually register. That can be an example of another bottleneck. So, long story short, those are the stats that make up your cost per purchase. Those are the specific bottleneck kpis that you would want to be mindful of and attentive to while you go out and try to get people to buy at a profitable rate. If you convert somewhere in that range of that 5 to 15%, you're typically going to have a good time.

As long as your link clickthrough rate's not [ __ ] and your cpms aren't sky-high, you're typically, depending on what you charge for the actual event, going to be profitable. Now, we have one of my inner circle members. His name is zach, and he runs an event company called paidvents.com. Now, zach's awesome. Big fan of zach.

He's been in the inner circle for a very long period of time. He's great with challenge funnels as well, but he does them completely differently than what i typically recommend. And this is a great example of why i love learning and hearing from our other inner circle members on what they specifically do. Zach will charge singledigit numbers, like he'll charge, as an example, $7 to $9 to get somebody to buy the challenge in the first place. He'll still have upsells and things like that on the back end to try to increase his aov, but in that example, when you charge so little, you're obviously going to go into the event at a much less profitable number, meaning you're going to front a lot of cash.

And so therefore, you're going to be limited on the overall amount of cash that you're going to be able to front to try to get a fuckload of people into the challenge itself. We typically charge a little more money. But here's the very interesting thing about what zach found. He found that even if he only charges $7 to $9 as an example of his ticket pricing, he can still see the same show rates that i'm about to talk to you about if i charged somebody $47 to $97. So, it's very important to consider.

You can go as low as $7 to $9 on the actual ticket price. However, i typically encourage people go about $47 to 97. The reason being these are typically more qualified buyer leads. Depends on what you're going to try to sell somebody. If you're typically going for something that might cost, let's say, $3 to $5,000 or even less, you can get away with charging less upfront because they don't have to be as qualified of a buyer lead.

When i charge somebody at least $47 to $97, from what we've seen in our testing, we can typically sell something that's a lot more costly. Like, we have a guy that sells something at a $15,000 price. He sells his tickets to come to the virtual event for $247. That difference of him charging more from his testing time in and time out of the challenge has proven that the people who buy at $247, they buy the actual high ticket product at a substantially higher rate than somebody who buys at 47 or 97. So again, when you look at the $7 to 9 price or anything less than that, you might still average the same show rate that we're about to talk about with these paid events.

But you got to remember like how you decide what the price of the event should be is a culmination of a few things. How profitable do you want to try to be going into the event? cuz remember, if you're profitable just on ticket sales and the upsells you have on the front end, you have unlimited budget. You can throw as many dollars as you can possibly throw at the ad channels to get as many people to buy the challenge as you possibly can, which obviously is going to influence the amount of people that upsell to the main product during the challenge that you're going to pitch. You want that.

You want to be in that position. If you charge the $7 to $9 comparatively, yeah, you might experience the same show rate as somebody who buys for 47 to 97. But again, the question becomes, are you going to get the same level of buyer lead? and generally, what you have to do to actually figure that out is test it. And you have to do multiple challenges.

And you have to see if there's a difference in the types of people you get from what you charge. You understand? so again, i'm not in any way, shape, or form trying to demonize or make it sound like [ __ ] to charge $7 or $9. Typically, what my clients prefer when we run these challenges is to be profitable going into the challenge. That is the most ideal scenario for everybody.

And that also when i say it's a culmination of a few things that decide what the price should be, that's what typically biases us towards the $47 to $97 price point. Okay? now, obviously, if you charge less, you can typically see a higher conversion rate. If you charge more, you're typically going to see a little lower conversion rate, but the additional dollars you collect typically offset and make you profitable. Something to consider.

Now, very important to note, outside of the ticket price, you have upsells in both the free version and in the paid version that you have to consider. We typically see, and you'll notice this when i talked about sales page best practices for these long- form sales pages and even for the webinar strategy that you can run, you typically want to have at least two upsells on the back end of the ticket. Okay? and these conversion rates can range wildly depending on what it is and what you charge. One key lesson that we talk about time and time again when it comes to low ticket is whatever the main thing is that you're actually selling for high ticket.

This specific thing is made up of a bunch of smaller things. So, as an example, i was talking this weekend about bookfunnel mastery and my inner circle program where we do our weekly group calls, our twice a month one-on-one calls, our quarterly in-person masterminds, extensive course library that we have in there, and all kinds of other great stuff. Jeremy ai. That's our group for rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. One of our members had asked, "hey, can we go through bookunnel mastery?" and we talked about this very common lesson when it comes to low ticket to high ticket ascension.

The main thing is typically made up of a bunch of smaller things. And the lesson that i specifically used, i had this program that we marketed for a while and it was called high ticket agency. And it's an agency owner program that teaches you how to start and scale marketing agencies. Now, that specific offer, the main thing is, well, i want to start, i want to scale a marketing agency. And there's a bunch of smaller things that make up what that takes to do that.

And as an example of one of the low ticket book funnels that we had created to promote that high ticket thing, we selected what we call my perfect cold video pitch bundle. It comes with an sop on how to execute my video pitches. And i'm not pitching right now, by the way. Pay attention to this. Comes with the perfect cold video pitch sop.

It comes with what what we call my value dense email sequences and it also comes with this thing that we call valuedriven follow-up and a bunch of lead genen tools that we recommended. We don't sell this [ __ ] by the way. Don't try to ask me to buy it. Long story short, we bundled all those together into what we called the perfect cold video pitch bundle and we sold it for about $150 to $197. Now that thing as an example was one of the what we call breakout branches.

Okay? so, if you cared about that, about how to get clients for an agency, there's a high probability you'd care about all the other things that i can teach and talk to you about when it comes to starting and scaling a marketing agency. That's the same concept that you want to follow when you select what your upsells are going to be. So, the first upsell and the second upsell should ideally directly complement whatever it is that the theme of the virtual event is. Okay?

if you successfully do that, you're going to have a very high conversion rate. Without exaggeration, you can see upwards of a 20 to 50% take rate depending on pricing and what specifically you're upselling. Okay? as an example of this, if i buy a book and the first upsell is an audio book of that book, that's going to have a really high take rate because it directly complements the book, right? whatever the theme and the topic is of my challenge, that specifically is what i want to select for upsell one and upsell two.

Now, the pricing of this relative to what your conversion rate is on these upsell steps is going to dictate what the price should be. The higher the take rate, the lower and more favorable the price can be for the customer. The lower the take rate, the higher the price needs to be. So, i can weight my average order value higher because that's going to significantly dictate how profitable i am going into the challenge. The higher the aov, the more probable i am to be profitable.

You understand? so, moral of the story is outside of the actual ticket prices. Okay? you ideally have something that's your upsells that are going to convert at the lowest about 5%. But again, if you do it right, this can be upwards of like a 20 to i know it sounds ridiculous, a 20 to 50% conversion rate.

The price being lower is going to be indicative that you're going to likely have a higher conversion rate. The conversion rate being lower is either because you're priced too high or because whatever you're selling just doesn't make any [ __ ] sense for the person to buy. It doesn't actually directly compliment. It's like you go sit down, you get a burger, right? and they're like, "hey man, you want fries?" it's like you're not like, "what the [ __ ] why are you offering me fries?" you know, you're like, "oh, it makes total sense for you to offer me." you know, if they say something like, "hey, do you want to make it a large?" again, you're not like, "what the fuck?" you're like, "it makes total sense.

Yeah, make it a large." right? if they even say, "hey, you want a milkshake or a soda or even a water?" >> right? again, you're not like, "why the [ __ ] are you pitching me that?" you're like, "no, it makes total sense." but this is a huge thing that a lot of people break when it comes to the conversion rate percentages that they're going to experience if the price is too high, even if it makes sense. Hey, you want fries with that? it's going to be $20 extra.

What the [ __ ] you know, you're going to have a low conversion rate on that because it's price too high, even if it's the right thing. So, it's a combination of these two things together that matter the most. The price and it being complimentary to whatever the main thing is. You understand? so you do that right, that's what's going to ultimately get you to that statistic.

And now those specifically that dictates your aov being high. Okay? you want your average order value to be as high as you can possibly get it because again, whatever your cost per purchase climbs up to, the aov has to exceed that for you to be profitable. Okay? and if you don't exceed it, that means you're burning whatever amount you aren't able to liquidate.

So, as an example, for every dollar that i spend, if i'm only able to liquidate 50% of it, cuz my aov is half of whatever my cost per purchase is, i'm fronting 50 cents for every buyer i get in that example. You understand? so, moral of the story is focus on the aov, that matters a lot. Okay? okay.

And then when you look at your actual cost, when you look at your actual cost per purchase, okay, just to re-emphasize this, your cost per purchase is going to be influenced by what we talked about up here, your cpms, your link click-through rate, your page conversion rate, and your aov is influenced by your conversion rate, the pricing strategy you pick, the upsell take rate, and how that influences your aov. But just keep in mind your cost per purchase in order to just drive it down. There's all kinds of ranges that i've seen. Like i've literally myself when i've run ads for clients gotten cost per purchases as low as like in the 40s or 50s and i had an aov that was about double to triple that give or take the time of promotion. I've had clients that we've run traffic for directly where our cost per purchase is around 150 to 200 and the aov is just about at the same spot but we're losing a little bit of money right now.

I can't stress this enough. There's no real static number that i can sit here and tell you for like this is what your cost per purchase should be. Here's all i will tell you though in terms of expectations. So you walk out of this video fully understanding what you should project onto your advertisers that are running this for you or what you should expect yourself if you're running it for you. You want to be profitable.

It is very possible to get profitable and the more unprofitable you are, the more [ __ ] specific bottleneck statistics are within your advertising process. Look at all those subsequent steps, the cpms, the link click-through rate, your onpage conversion metrics. If you're doing that webinar strategy to promote this challenge funnel or this 3-day virtual event coming up, look at the webinar stats like opt-in rate, show rate, the overall conversion rate of the webinar, the aov from who comes from one or the other, long form page or the webinar page, and try to fix those specific stats. Okay? if you do that, you're typically going to have a great time.

So anyway, back to the point. When you look at the actual show rates of the paid versions of these challenges, they're very different. Like very different. Okay? usually the expectation that we would project on to you is out of the total quantity of buyers that you're able to produce, you get 70% of them to show up when you charge any amount of money.

Like zach had proved with his paid events.com model, $79 is possible to get a 70% show rate. Us charging 47.49 to that 97.99 price point. Again, that still has a very good show rate of 70 plus%. We don't see much variance between the two. We just see a difference in the types of buyer leads.

Now, day two, same exact logic. You're typically going to see a far higher retention rate cuz people paid for this [ __ ] you're typically going to see about a 60 to 65% show rate against total traffic on day two. Day two, keep in mind, you make your pitch. You've officially aired out the fact that you're trying to sell people and you've converted a lot of them. Ideally, day three, you typically see a little lower.

You typically see about 50% of your total buyers actually show up to day three. Now, when it comes to the overall conversion metrics, right, your conversion rate against the total buyers, not just the total quantity of people that showed up is typically about 3 to 7%. With the average usually being about 5%. So, as an example of that, if i got 10,000 people in total to buy my challenge, i got 7,000 of them to show up, i'm going to convert about 5% of that 10,000 on average and walk away with a few hundred people buying my high ticket thing. Very important to note here, there's a far smaller quantity of people that you're typically going to get to a paid challenge.

Most of you don't have hundreds of millions of viewers. I think without exaggeration, i'm probably literally talking to like five of you when i say you have hundreds of millions of viewers within a month that are actively looking at your content. And in that example, like yeah, you could argue that a free challenge might be better for you. But it's also very important to note like you could justify a paid challenge just as well. It really comes down to the price of what you're selling, how serious you want people to be when they show up, what you want your show rate to look like, what you want your overall conversion rates to look like.

Now, hear this. On the above average side of things, we typically see conversion rates average out to about 10%. These are the people who have done challenges. They've done webinars. They've been there, done that with live in-person events.

They're [ __ ] dialed in one to many sales machines. They've perfected the art of the pitch, the presentation. They've dialed in this whole system, and they've worked out the kinks. If it's your very first 3-day virtual event or your very first challenge or like one of your very first ones, again, try to set your expectations somewhere between that 3 and 7% range, that's more probable for you. So, anyway, moral of the story, there's a handful of other statistics that we could sit here and go over, but per usual, we save a lot of that for our paid buyers.

So whether you're somebody just looking to master internet marketing and go through my 7-week live class and get access to the challenge sop, which we talk about in week one of that program, you can check that out with the link below. We even give you week one of one of our past cohorts as an example for you to be able to go through and see if you like that learning style, the way i present, and see if that's going to work for you to be able to master internet marketing. On the other side of things, if you're rich, you're trying to get a fuckload richer, check out jeremy's inner circle. There's a link for it to apply down below. Four times a year right here at our facility in good old miami, florida.

We do our in-person masterminds. Got a good couple hundred people that show up. It's phenomenal. It's very fun. We do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls.

You can select the topics of them as well if you want to throw out an idea if we don't already have one. We've got an extensive course library and both of these offers. We have access to jeremy ai and both of these offer. And in jeremy's inner circle, we have a group chat, extremely active inside of telegram, full of rich people trying to get a fuckload richer. So, whichever one you are, feel free to apply and check out those links down in the description.

And at the very least, go check out some of the other videos in this specific series on virtual events, challenge funnels, or go check out all the other videos on my youtube channel. They're all very helpful to you. Thank you so much for being here. Go get richer.


############################################################
# How To Structure Content For High-Converting 3-Day Events
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC5aKqhR0Cg
############################################################

3-day virtual events, challenge funnels, whichever one you call them or decide to go with, lumpsum funnels, lot of money you can make. Therefore, we have a whole series dedicated on this channel and a nice little playlist for you on the best practices of this type of virtual event. And in this video, out of all those videos in the series, we're going to be covering what to actually cover, the content structure of the virtual event itself. We typically do our virtual events in 3-day formats. Some people do them a little longer, some people do them a little less.

I'll talk openly about why we prefer the 3-day. And again, whole topic of this video is going to be diving deep on what you should cover throughout these three days, what the flow and the structure should be in order to maximize the total return and the lump sum that you should be able to produce through this type of funnel. So, welcome in. If you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is hitting million-doll months. You're either tacking on the first million a month or going after that next million a month if you're sitting here watching these videos.

And per usual, we have no idea who the [ __ ] you are and whether you have any probability at all to go out there and hit million-dollar months. According to the us bureau of labor statistics, the probability to even do $10 million a year.1%. Okay? so, your odds are really [ __ ] low to do something that's going to be an even smaller percentile probability to hit million-doll months. But again, if you're sitting here watching this, all we're doing is passing down the lessons of people who have been there, done that for all our clients over the years, our inner circle members, consulting deals, etc.

Just handing down what works. So again, entertainment and education purposes. If you're already a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you here. Without further ado, let's dive in.

So we like to do the three days rather than 5 days or 4 days because there's going to be a drop off on each subsequent day. And a lot of people think that during the virtual event, you have to have an extreme overwhelming amount of content prior to making your pitch to get the most people to convert. Sometimes that's true relative to the pricing and the skepticism and the overall education that might be necessary for your specific niche and what you do. Here's what we do on our end. We found time and time again that 3 days is the sweet spot.

That's the pocket. That's the goldilock zone. Okay. Reason being, day one, we're just going to do a fuckload of content. Day two, the entire first half of the day, we're going to do a fuckload of content.

We're going to do our pitch at the end of day two. Day three, we're going to do a rep pitch, a vip upsell pitch. We're going to do another rep pitch from somebody else. And then usually we're going to close it out with another content section. That's a summary of the flow.

Now, we really have found time and time again that 3 days is the pocket sweet spot goldilock zone solely because we've tested those same exact clients with longer formats and shorter formats. And we've done so many of these over the years that again time and time again, we find that the 3-day ends up being the pocket. You don't need to do more. And if you do less, sometimes it's a little risky because you'd make a little less from doing less content overall. So anyway, three days is the pocket.

That's what we're sold on. So therefore, in this video, i'm going to demonstrate to you what type of content you need to plug into each one of those days. Here it goes. Day one, all content. Okay?

whatever the actual theme is of the virtual event or whatever the outcome is that you want to help people produce in the challenge funnel, your goal in day one is to break down as much as you possibly can about whatever it is that you're specifically selling people on and talking to them about. Here's the thing. Usually in the first part of the day, like the first and the second session are generally what we call get them in the game content. Okay. The get them in the game content is it's a way of thinking where you got to try to treat them like they don't understand why whatever you're going to try to get them to do or why whatever you want them to buy into even needs to be bought into in the first place.

Right? think about it like this. I'm making the assumption in this exact video right now that you're already sold on doing a virtual event. I'm not really selling you on doing it. I'm sold and i'm thinking you're sold on doing it already.

So, if you really reflect on how i'm communicating to you right now, it's under the assumption you already understand the premise of why you do this because it's a lump sum event and people make a fuckload of money doing it is likely why you're going to do it. Okay? and it's a big significant lump sum comparatively to any other funnel type that you generally can commit to doing. And it all happens at once. Thus why we call it a lumpsum funnel.

But again, i'm not sitting here making a video. There's there's not a video in this playlist you'll find on that specific topic. Again, i'm assuming you're already sold on the idea. Now, in a virtual event, in a challenge funnel, you don't typically want to operate under that assumption. Okay?

a challenge funnel, if you've watched the pricing video for this specific concept where i talk about the promotional cycle, the price points, when to price it at what prices based on where you're at in the promotional cycle. You'll notice it's relatively low ticket, right? it's tens of dollars or maybe low hundreds of dollars that somebody's going to commit to. Therefore, we have to treat it like any other low ticket product from that perspective. Generally with any kind of low ticket product we sell, the whole point of it is to help get somebody a result as fast as we can get them a result.

Okay? the speed in which we can help somebody produce an outcome is the speed in which we are probable to upsell them. Now, here's what's very important to understand about that key concept. Outcomes don't always have to be an actual tangible result that they've gone out and produced. Sometimes all that has to happen in order to get somebody to go from low ticket to high ticket is making them feel like they understand it thoroughly enough to make a decision about what you're going to sell them that's high ticket.

You get them in the game mentally and that's why we open it up with this concept of this get them in the game logic. We want to break down why it makes sense to do whatever you're talking about doing. This is where you give people the background information. This is where you give people like your origination story for how you got into this or the brand's origination story and like why you do what you do. This is where you go into the data that matters to frame them on everything else they're about to subsequently learn.

Now, here's the better way to do this, too. Typically, challenge funnels virtual events, they have like a main speaker, they have a host, they have somebody who's going to be like centric and presenting and making the pitch during the entirety of this event. That's typically the person that opens up and that's typically who tries to get them in the game. Now, can you strategically bring in other speakers that can also help do this? yes, that's one thing you'll find is a commonality throughout this whole process of what we're going through here together.

You'll hear me reference things like, "hey, by the way, you might have somebody else here that gives like a counter take on the exact same thing and further sells on the idea, but from a completely different perspective on why it makes sense to do whatever you're talking to them about doing." you could do that during this section if you wanted to. You'll lose a little bit of authority. But again, just getting them in the game matters a lot in this opening stage of what you're actually going to talk to people about. Now, keep in mind, challenge funnels generally have some type of outcome that you do actually want to help get them there's some type of tangible result that you want to help them produce. Okay?

so, if you're doing more of the challenge funnel route where you're actually trying to get them to do something and produce a result, you got to keep in mind this content aligns perfectly to that and the subsequent steps of what you're going to do in the day for the content are meant to further get them down to the point where they can actually go out after day one, do some kind of homework and get involved in whatever it is you're pitching them on doing. So, as an example, we have a guy right now. Guy makes a couple million bucks a month teaching people how to trade. This guy in particular wanted to do a challenge funnel. He obviously asked us like, "oh," which i cover.

He wanted to do a challenge, not a virtual event. So, therefore, we were like, "oh, listen. First part origination story, why it makes sense to trade, why you're sold on trading, how trading works, what your trading style is, right?" and from there, we start transitioning into teaching them like here's all the platforms you could use, here's the specific trading strategies you deploy, here's how to do something. And like in the very backend part of the day, he'll teach him to do something as simple as like plotting a strategy onto a chart or as in another example, using historical data and what we call playback simulation in order to go and actually try to trade some of the strategies that they likely were exposed to on day one. The homework in between day one and day two being something that they can do that makes them feel involved in whatever it is that you're selling them on makes a ton of sense in this example.

Okay. Anyway, the 3-day virtual event comparatively typically doesn't have an actual outcome that you're trying to help the person produce. It's more so just kind of like an industry event, but virtual where your central conversation points with them throughout the entirety of the event are focused on a specific topic. They're less outcomebased. The the entirety of the 3-day virtual events are generally centric around this topic, this conversation of like why you do it, how to do it, you know, and ultimately the high ticket things speeds up the process to getting the outcome in both scenarios, no matter which one you choose to do.

But in the 3-day virtual event, you generally don't have to assign people homework. You generally don't have to focus as much as like getting them involved and making sure they understand it enough to get them involved. You're just trying to in the 3-day virtual event, make them aware. That's the main thing. Make them aware and try to cover as many conversational points as you can around that central topic.

So, it's a bit different depending on how you go about choosing to do this. So, anyway, back to the point at hand. After you do the get them in the game content, generally it's just further down the process. Okay, so i talked to a guy the other day. We got this physical location now.

It's crazy, by the way, having a physical location. People will just [ __ ] walk into your business because it's a physical business. We hate that. We have signs on the door telling people, "get the [ __ ] out of here." but again, random people just [ __ ] walk into my business and are like, >> "oh, i see you do marketing. Like, what?

i got this. Can you help with this?" and, >> "oh, man. We don't we don't obviously want that. We don't we don't want that." okay. However, it happens.

And some of these people that have walked in, they they've had like no awareness at all. I have to sell those people on general on the idea of like why paying for ad spend even makes sense. I have to sell them on the idea of like how the whole online world works and like things like funnels and risking money to turn it into more money. You see what i mean? it depends on where somebody's starting at.

So, are you selling to somebody and are you bringing people into this event that are more like that? or as another example, like i've got guys i have a painter that comes by here as as a as a great reference for this point i'm trying to make. He's run ads before. He's tried lead forms. He even has a website like he's driven traffic to the website.

He's gotten results through both, but he prematurely cut his ads off because he had comparison bias. He saw a cost that was like $2 to $3 a lead, went up to 17 bucks a lead. The guy was still [ __ ] milking it from a rorowass perspective, but again, he shut it off from naivity. That guy in comparison, like he's already technically in the game to a degree. I don't have to explain like super base level [ __ ] to him.

Okay, i can talk to that guy at a higher level like right away. And to be clear, what i'm going to talk about in my challenge obviously needs to be centric around identifying who i'm specifically bringing in in the first place. And remember, you control who you bring in through all the front-end messaging that you have, right? if i want to take absolute [ __ ] noobs from total noob to whatever level i want to take them to through the event, yeah, i got to keep that in mind because that's going to center what type of content i need to produce. If i am talking to people who are already like kind of one foot in the door and i need to pull them all the way into the door, then i start at a different point and i progress through the event to a different point.

I get further along with the people that are already further along. You feel me? so, the rest of this content, it's very important and and it's fundamental that you understand this, okay? because if you don't, you're likely going to talk about [ __ ] that the people who are already further along don't give a [ __ ] about. And the people who are too entry level, if they're too entry level and you're talking too far along, they're not going to understand what the [ __ ] you're talking about.

Okay? so, you got to balance these two. You got to be really aware. I can't stress this enough. You got to be really aware about who you're attracting.

And therefore, that concludes to like what you're technically going to talk about throughout the rest of this thing. Once you get them in the game, though, okay? and you make some progressions to these following sessions, you're just furthering the awareness, okay? and that can come from all kinds of different perspectives. So, we have a client.

She teaches people how to buy businesses and she does these virtual events at this point twice a year. Now, she'll start her day one by explaining her backstory. She used to work in wall street. She quit. She wanted to help regular people get a lot richer.

She took a lot of these tactics specifically on buying businesses and rolled them out to people in the general public to learn how to buy a business instead of building a business. This has worked tremendously well for her and she typically starts from the perspective of why you need to buy a business, her origination story, but then right away she jumps into all kinds of [ __ ] how to find the right businesses to buy, what are the right businesses to buy, how to actually buy those businesses, right? all the different negotiation points and leverage points and literal ways in which you can fund and buy a business or creatively finance a business. And here's my point that makes a lot of sense for her to cover there. She covers all the categories of what you would generally want to know when it comes to buying a business right in day one.

Day one is generally anywhere from like as low as 4 hours, sometimes as high as like six hours in content. I've seen people pull it off in three, so we can technically say as low as about 3 to six hours. Okay? sometimes a little longer. Here's my point though.

If we look at the trading guy who's teaching people how to trade, his opening, let me get people in the game is look why trading makes sense, why this like here's all the different trading styles you could use. Here's why my specific trading style makes the most sense. Here's my origination story and like what got me into this whole thing. And then from there, after we transition into furthering the awareness, we start talking about ways to trade. Like, okay, here's some charts.

Here's like making sense of the chart so you're not looking at something that just seems foreign as [ __ ] you're like, "oh, no. This makes sense to me." so, we have to get them to understand the chart. Then, we start having them understand things like tools and instruments and indicators. Mainly the indicators is what they start to focus on at that point. And at that point, what they typically start to do is teach the strategies.

Okay? so, they get people to understand the chart. Then they start talking about indicators and certain things that you can see on the chart like liquidity. Then they start to explain, well, here's the liquidity strategies that we like to use based on what we just taught you. And then they wrap it all together.

Okay? that's typically what day one is in a nutshell. Get people in the game and then teach them the subsequent things that they need to understand about this whole thing to make it make sense. We've had a medical company, they sell hyperbaric chambers, they sell red light panels, i believe they sell some other things, too, but long story short, you know, essentially oxygen therapy and red light. And again, they do these virtual events where they'll get people to sign up for like a health and wellness summit and they're learning all these different longevity strategies.

They'll start the event by talking about here's all the different things that you need to know about where we're at in modern medicine, why focusing on longevity makes a lot of sense as it relates to ai and things extending our lifespan further. Telling the backstory about how people used to die at like 35 and how we're now probable to die in our low hundreds. And people who choose to focus on longevity can make that possible. And then we further the awareness. They make them aware of all the different technologies that exist.

And then they start saying like, "and here's what makes sense for the most common people to typically do and focus on." and they talk about things like the oxygen therapy, the red light panels, and like the benefits of some of the specific technologies that they brought up. So they make people aware of a whole bunch of technologies, the least risky, and then they work those to the point at the end of day one where somebody would conclude to the fact that oxygen therapy and red light, dieting, these things all make a lot of sense. Different exercise routines, different equipment, they might sell them. Now, here's my point. In all three of these examples, they're all doing the exact same thing.

They're introducing somebody to the game. They're trying to get them involved in the game through storytelling about the origination stories and just why it makes sense and how the game works. Okay? then they further the awareness. They drill down on specific topics that get the person to conclude to i understand this a lot more than i did walking into today's event.

And that is that low ticket to high ticket result that i'm telling you you must have. There has to be that kind of aha moment that occurs in a low ticket product where the individual feels like they got what they paid for. You know, if i buy a book, all it takes is one little sentence out of a book. I don't give a [ __ ] if it's in the first chapter or the last sentence of the entire book. As soon as i get that little aha moment, buying the book and reading the book and spending the time feels worth it.

It's not even that i had to go out and get a result with whatever that talked about. Just that little like, wow, that makes a lot of [ __ ] sense. Can't believe i didn't know that. Glad i know it now. That gives me the satisfaction.

That's what gives customers the satisfaction who buy a low ticket thing that they got what they're there for. It also dramatically increases the probability that they buy from us on day two when we make our pitch. So anyway, bear with me. We're going on. Here's the moral of the story.

That's the result. That's like the outcome of day one that you want to make sure that you're satisfying. Okay? and when you go into day two, day two starts with kind of an extension of that where the opening content is typically the same thing where all you're really trying to do is just again further the awareness. Okay?

you're talking about more information, more data. Sometimes you're just reinforcing the exact same thing, but from another perspective of talking about that exact same thing. This is a little apple pencil. Okay. On my side of the pencil, it says the word pencil pro at the top.

But you can't see that. You see whatever you specifically see on this side. My side also has like a flat edge. You see that there? your side is completely rounded.

Now, if i'm looking at my side and you're looking at your side, again, this is the exact same object in either scenario, but i see it completely differently than how you see it. Both of us describing our perspectives to one another helps us understand the entirety of this object to try to make sense of it. However, the person standing down here in the palm of my hand, well, they see something completely different that neither one of you or i can see. And again, we'd appreciate their perspective, too. Here's typically what you do on day two when i talk about furthering the awareness.

You try to bring in some other speakers that can tell the story of the thing that you're trying to talk about and increase the awareness on to a different perspective's view, right? their goal is to try to break it down from their worldview on how that thing works. So, as an example, we had this client again teaching people how to go buy businesses and she brings in two other pretty major personal brands. One of them was in the tech space. This guy teaches people how to scale sas companies.

Well-known guy, does business coaching in general, but again came up in the roots of scaling sas companies. The second high authority figure has a big business in the real estate education and real estate space in general that teaches people how to do a very specific real estate investing strategy. Now, these two people, they might sound like they're in completely different industries and niches. How would they lend any perspective to the idea of buying a business? when in reality, both of these guys have acquired businesses.

And both of these guys had very different ways that they leveraged buying businesses to help get them to the point that they're at today. The guy in the sas company, he talks about buying businesses from the perspective of rolling companies up to have a greater exit valuation. That's a completely different perspective on the same thing that we're both looking at that that main speaker who's teaching everybody how to buy businesses hadn't touched on. The second person from the real estate space, that guy talked about it from the perspective of being able to acquire a new customer base and being able to take the value that that existing business's technology was providing and providing it to his existing customer base as a new upsell and revenue source. So again, a completely different perspective comparatively to our other authority figure and comparatively to our main character of the event, the trading guy that we're sitting here working with on a consulting deal for this challenge funnel he has coming up.

We told him, we're like, "look, you have a specific way of trading. You have friends that you know that are also well-known, people who trade that you can bring in to do the exact same thing. Teach their perspective on why trading makes sense and let them show how trading in general helped them get to the point where they have whatever level of satisfaction they have in life. Show the outcomes that it helped them produce. Don't necessarily have them sell their way of trading as better than your way of trading.

Maybe they even use the same way that you trade and therefore they endorse it from their perspective, but they have different outcomes in their life compared to you. Or maybe they used it for a different vehicle. So, the trading guy, he typically trades nasdaq futures as a main place that he trades. Well, one of the guys that he's going to bring in uses the exact same trading strategies as our main character. However, that guy uses it in the crypto markets.

So, moral of the story is that guy can say, "oh, yeah, i use all this in crypto. That [ __ ] works over there, too." so, he's endorsing the main strategy that the main character is attempting to teach people and increase awareness and get people in the game on, but that guy's lending the perspective, >> "oh, yeah. This [ __ ] works outside of what this guy's specifically talking about." >> so, it kind of handles an objection and deals with that entire segment of the crowd. You understand what i mean? these supporting characters who come in and help increase and further awareness.

What they're attempting to do is they're attempting to take the main thing that's being sold like that central topic and they're just trying to sell it from other perspectives to help the person who's sitting there at the virtual event or sitting there during the challenge funnel. It's helping them understand the entirety of what you're actually talking about and what it is. Okay, that's the main thing you got to understand about day two. So, you're bringing in supporting characters usually and these supporting characters obviously you want them to be great speakers. You want them to have some authority.

Ideally, simply put, you got to get them to accomplish what we just sat there and spoke about. Now, these supporting characters, let's use the example of our client that teaches people how to buy businesses. She is not just using external characters. She also had two staff members who were also speakers during this 3-day virtual event. One of which is the head of sales.

Now, the head of sales has extensive m&a background experience, can go into a lot of technical details about buying businesses, but again, they share completely different perspectives than the main character and how the main character articulates it. So, it's not necessarily like a high authority in that example. Same thing with their head of product who was the second speaker. It's not necessarily a well-known person at all. It's not somebody that you could even look up online and find a ton of information about.

This is somebody who just sits there, deals with the buyers of this company all day long, has showed so many people how to buy businesses, understands the most common questions of the people who buy the program to learn how to buy businesses, and is teaching it point blank how to go about buying a business, but from their perspective on the whole thing. And more so in that case, since that guy's the head of the product specifically, teaching people how to do it from really the customer who actually buys the program's perspective and all their technical questions that get asked. And as silly as this sounds, because again, those two people are from internally in the company. They share completely different perspectives on how to do the same thing. And it makes the thing that's being sold more well-rounded.

You understand? that's the whole point of day two for the first half specifically is we're trying to just further extend the awareness and we're trying to make sure that we give people more of those aha moments. We want people to have those moments where they're like, "that makes total [ __ ] sense." now, here's the thing. During the second half of day two, we transition to two things. One of them is called the pre- pitch.

And then obviously we have our actual pitch. Okay. Now, pre- pitch information. One of my favorite people i've ever learned from in my life. His name is myron golden.

I love myron. Myin has give or take the time that he's selling it. Probably cost tens of thousands of dollars to go and learn this [ __ ] from him. I don't even know what he calls it to be honest with you. The uh the product that i went and learned with from myin, he taught what's called the pre- pitch and the rep pitch.

Both of which you leverage inside of a challenge funnel or a three-day virtual event. And he's really good at. Long story short, even if you just go look up myron on youtube, he has one video in particular. Let me see if i can if i can tell you the title of this thing because this specific video is so good for emphasizing my point that i'm trying to make with you here about about how pre- pitch material works. He sits there and he just tells all these stories.

Yeah, here it is right here. He calls it the science of rapid wealth creation. And if i don't know if you can see this here, this this is what that video looks like. So, if if you look on his youtube channel and you go watch, he calls it the science of rapid wealth creation. Okay?

and in this, i think it's like 30 minutes long, it's a perfect demonstration of myron's skills to do pre- pitch material put on display. Essentially, just one thing after the other after the other after the other. He's going through like these little one to three minute stories where he's proving a point about a way somebody who's got a lot of success and is wealthy thinks. Okay? and so typically like let's use the two examples i provided to you or even the third example with the hyperbaric chamber red light situation.

So for the buying business scenario the pre- pitch material would sound something like i'm going to go through some of the characteristics of people who have bought businesses successfully that have bought our programs and had a lot of success with us. Let me start going through the characteristics of these individuals. What you're then breaking down are these individual like 1 to 3 minute sometimes 5 minute long stories where you're talking about somebody who was a bad way of being a thing and became like a good way or inherited like dropped the bad characteristic and like inherited a new characteristic dropped the bad way of thinking inherited a better way to think. It's it's essentially just a bunch of reframing that you are priming somebody to actively have top of mind right before you make your pitch. So a great example of this that essentially carries through no matter what is sitting here telling people things about success talking about characteristics of individuals who make a lot of money um you'd talk about things like risktaking right you would say look the people who make the most the people who get the best results like they know when to take a proper risk and like what does a proper risk look like and then you break down essentially what you're about to pitch them on as an example where you're like a great risk can look like an offer presenting itself to you inside of an event like this that point blank tells you exactly what you need to do.

And again, if you're committed to doing it and it gets you a faster result, right? that's what successful people do. Successful people, they take timelines and they condense them down to shorter timelines. And like i'm pretty sure like a literal example that myron uses in that video i was just showing you. He says something about, "look, you could you could make a million dollars.

What's the difference between a guy who works at mcdonald's and a guy who makes a million dollars in a month, right?" well, the difference is is how fast they made the money, right? and he'll start going through like compression of time and he'll strategically plug things that you're about to be pitched on into what can compress time, right? and it's just a bunch of this framing information. It's so good and you want to have a whole session dedicated to that. And if you want to learn that in extensive detail, we cover a lot of it.

But to be fair, i get myron is the absolute master of the pre- pitch and the rep pitch. I fully endorse in any way, shape, or form learning from my super smart guy. So anyway, back to my point. Once you go through the pre- pitch session where it's again just a fuckload of framing, that's where you then transition to the point where you actually make your pitch. Okay?

and when you make the pitch, we'll have a whole video dedicated on this specific series that we're going through together here on the challenge funnel, the 3-day virtual event. I'll have a whole video i dedicate just to pitching, how the pitch works, how to maximize revenue from the pitch. But just to talk about the flow at this point, you're making the actual pitch. Okay? you typically tell people give or take the pricing and again we'll go through all this in a video to either go book a call, pay a deposit to book the call or do direct to checkout.

Again, all based on the price and then you just stop. You just stop for the day. You tell everybody, looking forward to seeing you on day three tomorrow. We'll cover more content. We're looking forward to seeing you guys.

I'm very excited to help you guys out further. You know, see you tomorrow. That's it. You cut them off. Now, typically at this point, if you've done this successfully, obviously this is where you're going to get the highest quantity of booked calls.

This is where you're going to get the highest quantity of buyers. This is where you're going to make the most money from and and it should be like a significant spike. Okay, day three starts with what's called the rep pitch. So, back to myron golden. Outside of the pre- pitch material that he does, one thing that he does which is much more direct, but it's still very framing based is what he calls the rep pitch.

So, this is this is i i'll never forget i learned this. It's like so simple. However, like the way that he strategically does it is is professional. Just it's the best way to do it in my opinion. So, his version of the rep pitch is much more direct than the pre- pitch.

Pre- pitch consider as indirect framing information. Rep is trying to call out very specific reasons, objection handling, asking people things about why they specifically didn't buy, guessing like what the most common objections are and why people specifically didn't buy. Um, you'd call it out as an example of it. Just to be clear, you had an opportunity yesterday to take action and to be a first mover and like, you know, you anchor back to whatever you talked about and emphasize the success characteristics in your pre- pitch to be that type of person. Okay?

and instead of being that type of person, you let that small tiny little character in your head, you know, that little tiny voice dictate your life again. And then, you know, he'll sit there and like start demonizing like the small version of you and, you know, kind of make you feel like a like an idiot if you don't take action on it. And then he'll give people these i've seen him do this in person. It was so good. He got people to essentially like raise it >> like who here is willing to be the bigger person now?

who here wants to be their bigger self? who here is officially going to take the action? raise your hand. >> and he'll get them to raise their hand. Will be like, "stand up.

All you stand up." >> and they all stand up and he'll be like, "come up here on stage with me. Come here." >> and he'll i've seen him go out in the audience and literally grab their hand and like make a train of people holding their hand and he'll walk them all onto the stage and he'll bring them up and he'll literally like congratulate them. He'll get everybody in the audience to give them a huge round of applause for like overcoming this version of themselves. And then he'll give another opportunity again. >> who wants to join us up here?

who wants to dominate that little self? you know, >> and he'll go out there again and like pull more people on stage and then literally he'll like take them behind the stage after he's done with this whole ordeal and like he'll close them. And virtually you would do this by like getting these people to be acknowledged on the zoom, maybe spotlighting them all at once and like having these people clear and visible to everybody else. And you just simply put you're highlighting these individuals and glorifying them and putting them on a pedestal. And anyway, my point is that's how the rep pitch is.

Like you just start the day literally with a straight up repitch. Okay? and usually this turns into like an objection handling section. The q&a all typically happens here as well where you're just answering questions on the offer. You're answering questions on the actual content that you've talked about.

Usually, you have a second person as i talked about prior on day two. You usually have a second person come in and they do their version of a rep pitch. Now, depending on what you're selling, sometimes you have higher level people there that it might not make sense for them to buy whatever your main offer is. In that example, you could also have a way between day two and day three for them to raise their hand and say, "i am a higher level person and i would like to hear you out on a higher level pitch that you might have for me." and from that perspective, right, if you get people to raise their hand and say like, "yeah, i i think i'm bigger than this other offer that you've already presented me." you can also have a totally separate carved out little room solely for those people that you're answering with a with a different person pitching or you pitching, doesn't matter. And you're pitching them on a higher level thing.

And so therefore, you increase the overall amount of cash you're going to get. So for our main like business buying client, as an example, she had a $9,000 offer with a $2,000 deposit to book the call. That was like the main offer. In between day two and day three, she said, "hey, by the way, if you make more than a million dollars already with your business, might make more sense for you to hear us out on our $35,000 offer, which is meant to like teach you how to acquire businesses to scale as a scaling tactic." and we had a good i don't know i don't know the exact number. I'm not going to make it up.

There's a good amount of people though that said like, "yeah, that's me." so they had a separate zoom room just for those people specifically to get pitched. Like a little silo pitch is what we call it. So you kind of do two things. So again, you repitch, you do the objection handling, you do the q&a, you have a second person come in and do their version of a rep pitch. And to be clear, at the same time as that, you might have a silo pitch happening for some type of higherriced product.

Okay? and then usually what you do just a close out day three like you do a closeout talk. And the closeout talk is very important to understand. Closeout talk is just straight content again and you try to tie a bow on this whole thing for whatever the central topic point was or if it's a challenge funnel you want to go out there and encouraged to go and take the actions for producing whatever result you're trying to get people to do. So in either scenario the closeout talk makes people again kind of feel like you didn't just pitch them all of day three.

You know it makes people feel like you still presented more content, more information. Makes them walk away. It's the walk away talk where they say, "dude, that was really good. You know, i'm really i'm really glad that i spent those three days like learning whatever i just learned and like, you know, mastering this topic that i just got access to. Now, to be really direct, okay, this specific flow, there's a bunch more little nuance things that i could sit here and talk about.

I'd say that i covered roughly i'd say about 40%. Generally on youtube, i try to withhold and i show about maybe 10 to 20% of everything that i know on a specific topic. In this case, i give you about 40% of the things that i could have otherwise talked about. I save that other 60% or that other up to 90% on most of my videos for my inner circle members or for my master internet marketing students and of course my clients. If you're rich trying to get a whole lot richer, there's a link down to the inner circle below.

It's called jeremy's inner circle. Go check that out. It comes with twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, a quarterly mastermind right here at our venue and the good old miami, florida sunshine. We have an extensive training library, jeremy ai access for real-time back and forth. You could just message me anytime.

We do our quarterly inerson masterminds. Mastering internet marketing is its own program. Sevenweek live class. We do the class once a year. You buy in at any point, get access to the previous cohorts recording, which is the most recent up-to-date information.

We have extensive sop libraries in both of these programs and you can preview week one of our 7-week class. Down there in the link in the description, there should be something that you see for that. So anyway, this flow super good, very proven flow, something you can have a lot of confidence in if you're going to do your own virtual event, whether it's a challenge funnel, whether it's a 3-day virtual event. This flow [ __ ] super hard, very op strategy and very excited to be able to present it to you here today. Go out there and get richer and i look forward to helping you more.

Toxin.


############################################################
# How To Run A 60-Day Promo Cycle For Challenge Funnels
# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G7AFPzL5I8
############################################################

I call them challenge funnels. Some people call them three-day virtual events. Whichever one you call them, they make a fuckload of money at one time. Challenge funnels and three-day virtual events, to be fair, are actually a little bit different. Challenge funnels usually have some kind of outcome that you're trying to help people produce.

3-day virtual events are essentially that. You don't really care about like trying to get them involved in the game. You don't really care about like some kind of outcome based thing in the event. You're just essentially doing a virtual event instead of an in-person event. So, in that regard, they are a little different.

But again, in either scenario, they are a lump sum funnel. Therefore, i'm going to dedicate an entire series here on my channel to this topic. We already have one video on this that goes through some of the best practices of having your own challenge funnel or 3-day virtual event with a client that spent $292,000, was 1.9x profitable going into it, and generated about 3.4 mil in cash off of the upsell in the event totaling about $4 million. Same client and a handful of new clients are also doing their challenges. So, i'm going to have more case study videos to break down for you about what they did, how they did it, and what worked, what didn't work.

So, you can learn some lessons. But for now, i'm going to pass down some of the specific things that i've been talking to these people about that i've been paid to consult them on. That way, you can learn some of those insights, too. In this particular video, i'm going to go through the promotional cycle of these virtual events. You need about 60 days and there's a very specific plan of action that you want to follow and i'm going to make sure you understand that.

We're going to go through the best practices, some of the statistics and kpis that you'd otherwise expect. We're going to go through all the assets that you need to make sure you produce as well going into the promotional cycle. This is going to be a banger of a video and of course it all relates to our channel's topic hitting million-dollar months or tacking on that next million month. When you do this right, you can make a fuckload of money at one time. But let me be clear.

We have no idea who you are and whether you have any probability to make any money at all cuz again this is youtube. So again, there's no income claims. There is no earning potential. We know [ __ ] all about you. And we have no idea what your specific probability is of doing anything.

But here's what we do know. To hit 10 million a year, according to the us bureau of labor statistics, they claim only.1% of people on earth will ever hit that number. So therefore, there's an even smaller probability you hit a million a month, let alone a couple million a month. So anyway, without further ado, let's dive in. The promotional cycle of these virtual events, i say it's 60 days.

60 days is typically the sweet spot. When you want it to be big, okay, here's the thing. When you want a big sum of money at one time, you got to have a large quantity of people that sign up to it. And i do my paid challenges with all my clients with a paid price point ranging from as low as like $37 to $47 all the way up to a low couple hundred give or take where we're at within that 60-day promotional cycle. And time and time again, we get people to go into the event profitable and therefore everything that they upsell during the event is all the more profit that they accumulate, which is the best case scenario.

We have two consulting deals right now that a random agency i've met through these two consulting deals has had couple hundred per sale losses getting buyers going into it, which obviously limits the total amount of money towards ad spend that you're going to be able to justify risking. When you get to the point where you follow some of the best practices that i'll lay out, not just in this video, but in this whole challenge virtual event series, you're going to have a good time. Per usual, let me just disclose, i don't dump everything that i know on youtube, trying to incentivize you to go out there and be able to get enough of a result with what i teach on the channel to make some money and then pay me so i can put you onto the real game. Anyway, back to my point. 60 days, that's more than enough to [ __ ] up a few times, have a few mishaps, have a few things that you need to fix.

Let me give you an example of what i mean. We typically risk a good couple hundred,000 in ad spend. Okay? and as a result of doing so, it's a lot of creative that we need. So couple hundred,000 in ad spend.

So we therefore need a ton of creatives. Okay. With andromeda. And for all those who don't know what andromeda is, if you're going to promote this on facebook and instagram, you're going to need to know what andromeda is. Meta has a two-part algorithm prior to an ad even being distributed into the news feed and that whole part of the algorithm.

It's called their retrieval and ranking system. The retrieval systems andromeda. The ranking system is a system known as meta lattis. We have a whole video on this channel dedicated to meta andromeda. And of course, in all our paid programs, we have a tremendous amount of training on that topic and as well as metal lattice.

Anyway, with meta andromeda, if you're familiar and on game with what we typically encourage, we like to say that an ad set nowadays needs 25 to 30 unique through and through well diversified from a messaging perspective ad creatives in there, which ideally can be a combination of videos and images. And as a result of that, you're going to need to go film a lot of videos, as you can imagine, especially at higher dollars of ad spend risk. The more spend that you typically put out, the more creatives that you're typically going to need is a good rule of thumb. So anyway, let's just say at the absolute bare minimum, how many are realistically going to need to project here to go into this promotional cycle? at a minimum, you're going to need about 25 to 30 unique videos.

Okay, unique videos that can turn into a good couple hundred with b-roll combinations, clipping out different parts of the ad, and mixing them together with some of the other parts of the ads. But at a minimum, you want 25 to 30 unique through and through video creatives that can be leveraged here because again, that can turn into a whole lot more. But that in itself is technically what andromeda requires. So anyway, back to my point, once you actually get to the point where you have all those ads filmed, obviously you're going to want to write a bunch of ad copy as well. Typically, we launch every single unique ad with five body copy variations and five headlines.

It's not dynamic creative in terms of it being literally marked as dynamic on the adset level or flexible ads on the ad level. The moral of the story is i'm just simply saying we want to because they give us the ability to do this. Load up each ad with the same five pieces of body copy and five headlines. Gives us a whole lot of individual ad combinations that can be distributed. Now, once we get all that stuff created, we obviously need a nice sales page.

Our sales page cuz we're going to do a paid event. We have a great template and a whole set in our challenge funnel sop doc that we give out to all of our inner circle members and to our master internet marketing students and of course our consulting clients and agency client. But here's the thing. Without me sitting here showing you all these landing pages and sales pages, you obviously are going to need a good sales page. That's going to be typically a long form page.

You're going to have the agenda laid out on there, the potential co-speakers. Obviously, you're going to have some testimonials and like the whole theme of the virtual event or the whole challenge. You're going to have some faqs, and you're going to have a schedule of the pricing on that page. That's one of the most important things that correlates to this 60-day window. There's a very specific time frame of when you're going to promote what in terms of pricing.

And if i map that out for you here, this far end being the day that the event actually starts and this being when the promotional cycle starts. At the very beginning, you're going to have what's called early bird pricing. Okay, early bird pricing is your cheapest pricing that you're typically going to have. Early bird can typically range from about 47. You can even go as low as 37 if you wanted to, but i like 47.

And you're going to recognize why as we continue to go on throughout this promotional cycle. The higher the aov i can have, the better off i'm going to be because ideally i'm profitable going into the challenge. So again, 37 to 47. And this is your general pricing. Okay, that means like the standard ticket, that's what they get.

Your vip on the other hand can range from like 97 to a 150 price point, somewhere in that range. And that vip is going to come with a handful of other things that you can make up that distinctively make it more valuable than whatever the general pricing is. Now, you're going to ride this out for a total of about four weeks, okay? and that first four weeks, this is what's very interesting about our 60-day promotional cycles from what we've seen time and time again. So, as time goes on and as our total like tickets sold or accumulated against time, we've time and time again, this is what we've seen from other people, they'll typically get a very low quantity of tickets sold at the beginning and they'll get like all the tickets sold in the days leading into the actual event start date.

We have not seen that. We actually kind of see the exact opposite. We typically see a fair bit of tickets selling at the beginning in a very random amount and then as we get closer to the event, it just kind of ticks up a little bit, right? but we get a lot of tickets sold at the very beginning from this 60-day promotional strategy that i'm going to provide to you. And when it comes to ad spend, again, we're typically profiting going into the event.

And we just accumulate a little bit more profit with that delta of pricing going up as we get closer to the event start date. So again, we're a little less profitable and the and the profitability fluctuates, okay, relative to where our aov is at and relative to where our cost per ticket sold is at. So anyway, back to my point. First four weeks is typically what we call the early bird pricing. Now the following three weeks in this total of an 8week promotional cycle, we typically have what we call extended early bird pricing.

If there are any holidays, like as an example, we have a client right now that we're actively promoting a 3-day virtual event for. They had early bird. They then had a labor day sale cuz labor day just happened to be in the middle of our early bird ending and our extended early bird starting. So, we took advantage of that holiday sale. The holiday sale is just essentially whatever the pricing is relative to where you're at in that 60-day promotional cycle.

So, if you have a holiday that's in the first four weeks where you're doing early bird, you're still technically at early bird pricing for the holiday sale. It's the same pricing. To theme it different to have some context and a higher probability to not be dealing with holiday inflation when it comes to ad spend. If you know better, you've seen it all year. Holidays that are rather insignificant have been causing dramatic inflation to your cost per result.

So therefore, in order to counter that, we can have a holiday sale. It works really well. So anyway, we then have what's called our extended early bird. Okay, the extended early bird is just a little bit higher cost. Usually we go up to about a87 to a $97 price for our general pricing.

Okay, our vip usually goes up to that 150 to 200 range at this point. We're trying to punish the people that are buying at a later date. Now, here's the thing. Are you going to see in that regard a drop in total buyers as a result of increasing price temporarily? yes.

Forever? no. Usually during the first few days of the transition from early bird to extended early bird, you see a little bit of a drop, okay? and then it starts to pick up again because again, there's just that small wave of people that were just seeing it at the previous price and then you open up a whole new audience. Now, i'm going to give you one pro tip that to be honest with you, i'm kind of surprised i'm going to sit here and drop on youtube, but i feel generous right now.

The extended early bird when you initially make that transition from a lower price to a slightly higher price. That's where it makes a lot of sense to open up some new audiences on the ad channel that you're targeting on. So, as an example, for the initial early bird, i'm typically going to do our warm audiences only. And i'm going to still have some cold audiences set up relative to how large my warm audience is, give or take the client account we're working on. But when it comes to the extended early bird, no matter what, i'm opening up the total budgets or i'm opening up those adsets with the new targeting options worked into it completely when i transition to the extended early bird.

That way, i'm getting it in front of new people that haven't had the anchor bias to the previous price, which dramatically reduces the overall drop i'm going to see. It doesn't make it as severe. There's still a little drop, but again, it's not nearly as severe as what it otherwise could be. And that's what continues to carry this trend here up and to the right. So long story short, when you see this trend start to trend up, well, we're getting closer to the event.

We're officially four weeks out when we transition to the extended early bird. Okay, so there's a natural scarcity, a natural fear of missing out that occurs when we make that transition. So anyway, long story short, in the final week, okay, so when we're officially one week out, this is what we call the punisher window. Okay, the punisher window is essentially just standard pricing. So, whatever your actual prices should have been, like you should have been doing that thing where you slash it out.

So, like if you're doing the, let's say, the regular early bird, right? and your normal pricing is going to go up to $97 when you transition to the extended early bird, you would have that 97 for what extended early bird's going to be crossed out. You'd have the early bird price. Once that happens and you're officially transitioned to your actual extended early bird price, which now might be $97, your regular price might be $147. And again, during the extended early bird, that's going to be shown but crossed out.

Right? and what this does, just to be clear, is for all the people that saw it during the early bird window. And then all the people that saw it again during the extended early bird window, you are demonstrating that you're not full of [ __ ] when you do this. Show them the actual price that you're about to raise it up to and make sure that you actually raise the price up to that level. It builds a lot of trust and it lets people know that you're not full of [ __ ] so anyway, when you get to the point of doing your punisher pricing, this is usually in the range of about 150 bucks, okay?

we usually do about 147 for the general and then usually for our vip, we generally crank it up to about a 250 range. Generally, it's like 200 250 somewhere in there. And that's how this thing ends. Therefore, we get technically a lower quantity of people that'll purchase towards the tail end, but we're charging more money. So, our overall aov goes up, which allows us to spend more money, which still allows us to accumulate more people.

You understand? it's like you don't want to have the belief during the promotional cycle that you're selling to the same demographic the entire time. You want to look at it like, okay, as long as i stay roi positive going into the actual event, like on the event tickets sold, i have a dramatically high probability just to continue pushing as much [ __ ] ad dollars as i can towards this thing. And that's generally what we encourage clients to do. Like as an example for the video that we have on this page where our client was a 1.9 roi going into it just off literal ticket sales alone.

The mistake that they made was they only spent $292,000. Now this is an organization where although yes, in almost every deal that we do, we typically contribute like literally everything that they do in terms of the ideation and like they followed to the tea what we say. Not on this deal. This deal there's a lot of cooks in the kitchen. So there's a lot of influence from all kinds of people in the decision-making process, including people that they've paid like multiple six figures to that are going to help them host the event that have seen this at a very large scale.

And again, these are like credible people that are lending perspective too. So anyway, moral of the story is i don't always get to do exactly what i would normally do in every other deal where we have a lot more influence and control. Regardless though, in this specific deal, right, the one thing that was extremely obvious, they should have kicked up this ad spend dramatically. There should have been a whole lot more ad spend. The issue was they didn't believe that these were the right people that were buying it because they're so used to selling directly at 10k as their minimum price.

So, this was a new thing for them. This is a new concept. You know, they didn't simply put have a lot of certainty and confidence. This same client is currently promoting another 3-day virtual event right now. And i've been spending upwards of 50k every day for this entire cycle of time.

Like, i've gotten the opportunity to kick it up higher than that on specific days where our cost per purchase is reduced. You understand? like, they're not holding back in any way, shape, or form. When i eventually drop that case study on this channel, you guys will see it firsthand for what that total spend became, what it turned into in terms of total dollars and with a handful of other clients that we've done the same thing with at this point. Anyway, here's my point.

The goal is to be rorowass positive. And all of the rorowaz that i get immediately, like all of it, to be clear, should be justified getting thrown right back into ad spend because the point of the challenge funnel, the point of the 3-day virtual event is not to like put these dollars that come from this back into your pocket. These are your gambling dollars. Like your goal should be spend whatever initial ad spend you're willing to put towards this whole thing, get that money back in real time, and literally every dollar that you get back from it, you throw right back into the total ad spend pile. That way, it's a cyclic process of accumulation, growth, and scale that occurs.

You want to build significant momentum. Like on this recent set of consulting deals, they're using the same agency, and there's two specific guys that i was able to talk to within this agency on these calls, and they did the same thing in both deals. Like in both deals, they had lost money going into it, so they weren't roi positive, but they've done multiple challenges with these clients. And with that specific client that they've done multiple challenges with, every single time, no matter what, they've been roi positive by about 4x on the total amount spent versus the total amount returned. Like they'll spend upwards of, let's say, half a million dollars and they'll make back like 2 to$2.5 million, right?

in that example, they already have a proven concept. They already know that this works. Therefore, they can justify even though they're losing money on the front end to spend even more money. But they haven't. Nobody's came in and just pushed them and said, "spend more [ __ ] money." and no one's told the client, "hey man, you should be comfortable fronting even more cash even though you're losing money on the front end." and then again, they bring somebody in like me to help them get to the point where they can be profitable on the ticket sales, which ideally we can work them to the point where they will be.

So anyway, here's my point. You should have a goal during the promotion cycle where like you have a certain budget applied towards this whole thing. And when that budget starts to return profitable dollars, you just immediately tell whoever's spending the money, hey, anything up to this, this is our current aov, spend as much as you possibly can and just monitor it at different times of the day. And this is where obviously you got to have a lot of confidence in your advertisers. You got to have a lot of confidence in your agency that you're working with to actually be able to push up significantly fast because again, they only have 60 days to do so.

The issue is with, as an example, with that agency that i looked at when we were doing the uh the consulting deal for that company that's has a challenge funnel coming up. They scaled in in like a very like insignificant way. You know, they'd scale like a couple thousand bucks, you know, or like at most the biggest attempt to scale up was like a couple grand. You you got to understand like we've scaled that challenge funnel i articulated to you where we're spending 50k a day from like 10k a day to 25k a day to 50k a day to 75k a day. And we're doing that through cost cap bidding within the ad account.

That allows us to dramatically increase the level of scale that we're able to accomplish. There's a video dedicated on my channel, by the way, to three different ways to scale. If you want to go check that out, you're more than welcome to. Gives you some great ways you can go about doing it. From the slow and steady method to the surfing method that uh mr.

Tim bird has taught and that we taught inside of that video and in addition to that, the cost per x strategy that i teach. Plenty of great tactics to scale. If you're interested in that topic, go check out that video on my channel after this. So, anyway, back to my point. To get your aov as high as you possibly can, you're going to need a handful of things.

Okay? so, when it comes to aov best practices, and again, ao ob, your average order value is obviously going to be made up of a few things. It's going to be the ticket sales. And here, you want to make sure you look at the percentage breakdown of regular, like your general pricing versus the vip pricing. Okay, you can have, just to be clear on this specific kpi, upwards of 30 to 50% of people taking your vip.

Okay, in addition to the ticket itself, you can have those little one-click upsells and the one-click upsells. Let me just be clear on what i'm saying because this can be interpreted in a few different ways. On the very first checkout page that they see and that the person goes to to buy, right below the little order form, i'm talking about the little check boxes to add a product right there on the checkout page. I'm not talking about the one-click upselles that come after that. We're about to talk about that now.

So, you can juice the aov by having a higher skewed ratio of vip comparatively to general. Okay, it's never probable to be a majority, but hey, with a good enough offer in the vip, you can definitely pull it off. Don't let the limitations i'm projecting onto the stat prevent you from potentially having that statistic play out in your favor. Just from the averages we've seen, we haven't ever seen vip overtake the total quantity of general admission tickets when it comes to the percentage of who buys what. Again, those little check boxes, man, if you can get a good 5 to 10% of people to check that little box and add whatever it is to that initial order price, and you peg those at like 10 bucks to maybe $30, that is the sweet spot on those where it's really easy to just add a little bit extra to your total aov, so it weights up a little higher.

Then you have the actual one-click order pages that follow the checkout page. You should ideally have two of these. Okay, so just to be clear, you have the main sales page, you have the checkout page, okay? you have those little order bumps on the page, okay? and then from there, you got the upsells, you'd have upsell one, you'd have upsell two, okay?

and then usually after that, you'd have a call funnel, okay? rather than just a confirmation page at the very end where you'd have your call funnel, like your vssl, your application, your scheduleuler. That way you can try to close some of these people before the event even starts, which is going to help you become more profitable as you go into the event. Remember, the higher the aov, the more money that you're probable to be able to spend and the bigger the overall event's going to be and the bigger the [ __ ] lumpsum's going to be that comes out the other side of doing this thing. Okay?

these matter the most when you're going through the promotional cycle. And need i not say you want to be pushing on all fronts. You want to be pushing on the paid side. You want to be pushing on the organic side. You don't just want to be one channel centric.

If you can get affiliates involved, all the better. The more people that you get to sign up to this event and you execute the following steps of doing the actual challenge, we'll have a whole set of videos in this series dedicated to show rates of challenge funnels. We'll have a whole whole video dedicated in this particular series on what you should actually cover in the challenges. And we'll also have best practices of the pitch. And i just want to be clear, although yes, this is going to be a tremendous series, i'm holding back a tremendous amount of information that i could otherwise give you if you were in a program like our inner circle offer or one of our consulting clients that we teach how to do these things, too.

We also talk about this kind of stuff inside of our master internet marketing program. All of which there's links for down in the description if you want to join a group. By the way, we do our inner circle masterminds right here where i'm sitting in good old miami, florida. And then we transition over to the penthouse on sunday all day. On our 2500 foot balcony overlooking the city with 270°ree views to hang out, eat great food, talk to one another about getting richer.

It's a mastermind group where we do masterminds four times a year. Weekly group calls on whatever topics relate to getting richer, making more money, and you can request what those topics are. We do twice a month one-on-one calls in that group. We have a very active group chat. You get unlimited access to jeremy ai in that specific offer which you can write, text, talk, you could do zoom calls with it.

Most people talk to it though via writing. That's the most efficient and effective way. And it's not some fugazi [ __ ] ai. It's literally trained on every single thing that i've ever documented. Client calls, one-on-one calls, those things you'd never even see.

They're only trained in jeremy ai. In addition to that, every single [ __ ] thing i've ever written, documented, sops, by the way, that's the other thing. You get 33 different sops and counting. They grow rather frequently. We upload a few of those a month.

And an extensive training library. That's just what comes with the inner circle. That's a group for rich people trying to get a whole lot richer. And then of course we have the master internet marketing program. Just as phenomenal, but built for everybody.

A great program that you can preview week one of the 7we class 4 down with the link in the description. Okay folks. Well, that's all i've got for you in this particular one. If you're watching this at the time before the subsequent videos are uploaded, just keep your eye on the channel. Press that little notification button.

That way you see the subsequent videos in the series. And of course, give or take the time that you're watching this, some of those other videos might already be published. So go check them out. And at the very least, if you're not interested in this anymore, i got a bunch of other videos on helping you get richer on my channel. Thanks so much for being here.

