TITLE: $100B+ Plan For Pudgy Penguins | Luca Netz Interview
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Ko0JePghY
VIEWS: 6557 | DURATION: 00:57:39
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back and we've got a banger today. We've got Luca Nets. He's got the igloo in the back to show. How you doing, Luca? My uh my compadre Ryan Clog. I knew you uh I knew you before you uh when you were like you just said a second ago, when you were in the cave and nobody knew who you were. I knew who you were. >> I was definitely in the cave for a minute there. Yeah. I mean, we can talk about that a little bit, but yeah. We inh How long ago was that? Five years ago. >> Five years ago, dude. >> It was probably five years ago. So, fun story, but I followed Luca in like the DTOC world when he was doing a lot of stuff in ecom and just loved his stuff. Had like a course kind of at the time or really it was just a lot of info, just like free game. And you posted on your story and said, "Looking for a WordPress developer." And I swiped up on it. Not a WordPress developer by the way. Uh, and swiped up on it. You're like, "Yeah, these guys can do it, but it's going to take them like a week to do." and you guys were all shot out of a cannon having just random people work on random stuff and I was like yeah I'm down to do it and you're like okay cool like can I have it a week instead of two weeks and I was actually fun story but I was out that night and I went home and I stayed up that whole night and built the whole thing and gave it and set it over in the morning. Yeah, you were one of the first guys I ever worked with. Probably probably the first or the second guy I ever worked with that was like a true operator and you turned my very unserious businesses into serious. You were my second cuz air was my first. >> Amir was the guy running all my direct to consumer operations. Really, if I didn't have air, it would have been successful. And then you, you know, you kind of plugged in. you were running like a real operation and you helped me at least take something that was silly and try to actually like compartmentalize it and make it serious. Um, so I've always had a lot of respect for you and what you you know you you came in at a time where I was just schmucking around uh doing 30 things at once and um you kind of helped you know at least try to keep me focused for a couple of months and then gel blaster happened then Pudgy happened and the evolution. >> Yeah. Yeah. That was at that same time you were kind of like I just want someone to run this. Yeah. I mean I learned so much from you. I got to meet Amir. I got to meet I mean to this day our core VA that we use is a connection from your core VA at the time and like I was never in that world and how you just moved on socials and the ability to get access to talent and all that kind of stuff was just like remarkable and even to this day I'll do things around billing or subscriptions like I was learning all that real time while we were building that like the XYZ processor in connection to this and the the subscription management like I didn't know how any of that worked we were just building it live so >> I love it >> dude you're I always speak highly of Ryan Clog. Ryan Clog is an actual beast. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I love it. But yeah, we've stayed in, you know, random connections through things through the years now through whatever that has been like. Yeah. Five years. But my Pudgy experience was I heard right around the time like that when you bought it. I was buying up NFTTS left and right and buying all of the wrong ones as everyone did or I definitely did. And so funny, I only bought two and I had my buddy buy two when they were one ETH, 1.5 ETH and I bought two of them at that time. Held on to them for years and years doing the Puerto Rico thing. And then coming into this last year, I had to like like, you know, sell everything to like set the tax basis and like resell back. >> Got all my Pangu, never sold any of that. So got my air drop from two of those. Still haven't sold any except for just reset basis. So still holding air drop from two of them. And then I sold one I sold both of them and then I rebought one right one like the same day. >> Nice. >> So whatever. Sold both of them for 20ish and then rebought one for 20 and now I hold on to one that I thought was rare and someone needs to teach me what rarity means because I thought I bought one that was like a top whatever 1enter and now it's like a 10% if you look on OpenC. So I don't know what's what, but I sent you it's a little Pedro funny one. So >> okay, let me see. Let me just let me >> just gonna pull it up real time. >> Uh >> yeah, I'm just so interested in your journey. Hey, we're going to we could talk for we can talk for a while. >> Yeah. I mean the I mean that's a good trade. I I you know the best trade in crypto actually of the bare market cuz I bought this in the bare market was probably a Pudgy Penguin at the price that you bought it at one two ETH you know at the time three four grand if you would have held it and claimed all the air drops. So I know you're not active in crypto but Pudgy got a lot of third party airdrops. It's hundreds of thousands of dollars you know more than a quarter of a million for sure. Yeah, I got one one time. I was literally on a trip in Miami and somebody messaged me and was like, "Oh, we can get them." And I popped open like threw a hot spot up and did it and it was like 14 15 grand. I was like, "What is going on?" And that's just air drop, swap it over to ETH, call it a day. Like, >> yeah, there's there a handful of those. >> Thanks for supporting me, Ryan, early on. >> 100%. Okay, so I mean, we can go a thousand ways with this, but at the time, and you brought those up, so you had obviously a bunch of e-commerce background. You started to get into the trading crypto stuff. we talked about initially when I followed you it was all ecom then started to move over to there. So what was up with gel blaster you mentioned like what was the what's the story arc here? Yeah. So the story arc was you knew me through the community side which actually of all the things that I did it was probably the I call them the Nets fellowship now like the whole Sunday calls Nets fellows >> that actually was probably the personality trait and the metamorphosis that was probably the most impactful for this Pudgy journey because I didn't know prior to Pudgy how good of a community guy I was but really I mean you might have seen I I I didn't identify it as such, but I was a really good community community guy back then. Like I was really kind of one for the people, which was interesting because I never looked at myself that way ever. Um, so we did uh obviously the the you know the whole story, but the the story approaching Pudgy was I got into Gail Blaster. Um, you know, Gel Blaster was a monster success. I basically came in and, you know, it was, you know, a rink and startup at the time, give or take. basically became their biggest investor and second biggest shareholder and then ultimately the CMO. Um, and then that basically went from zero to hund00 million in like 14 months. You know, Walmart's bestselling toy product, you know, outdoor product uh of that that fiscal year. Uh, and it was just a huge success. You know, the interesting part was is you I think you remember this about me, but I was like always yearning like money was definitely a driver. Like obviously I'm not one of those. I was not going to pretend, but I was really yearning for like the status >> and I thought Gail Blaster was just such a huge success and it didn't really fill the void that I felt like I wanted to be that I wanted to be filled. Maybe because I wasn't the CEO or I you know I I I don't know. But that that success I thought I'd be like it feel better. Uh it didn't it didn't feel as good as I thought it was going to feel. And so, you know, off the backs of that, it started to also get like a little, you know, as CMO, when you're doing such big revenue numbers in Walmart, your marketing, your marketing u focus kind of changes from like viral social media marketing to like NASCAR sponsorships and like middle America stuff. And I'm definitely a lot less passionate about that. And so, like the writing was on the wall that like I probably wasn't going to do this for the rest of my life. And I ultimately uh that that December December of 2021 I flew down to Sedona and I was just going there to kind of figure out like what was my next step. I had done you know a lot in I did Devon Dutch. I had done Gail Blaster. I had done like the fellowship stuff with you and some of the trading stuff with you. Um, but it it seemed pretty clear to me that there was there was something that had yet to be seen. So, uh, I was there for 5 6 days. As I'm leaving Sedona, so I'm going from Sedona and driving to Vegas. Uh, I as I leave Sedona, there's this there's this person on Twitter, his name is Beanie, and he says, "I want to go buy Pudgy Penguins." Now, at the time, I was one of the bigger holders of Pudgy Penguins. It was the it was the NFT that I was banking on the most to make me the most money, right? So, you know me, I had the board apes, I had the punts, uh, I had traded a lot of things, but the one that got me in, the one that really gave me the NFT bug was were these Pudgy Penguins, and I was buying a ton of them when they were.1.2 ETH, but I just I felt like they were better than everything else, right? So, I made a really big bet there. Unfortunately, like it didn't go according to plan. and I was still bag holding and then this guy Beanie makes a bid for the project and I think to myself, well, this is super strange because, you know, why would this guy buy this? You know, he, you know, these are brands, right? Like, and and I always instinctually saw the vision for the brand and I just felt like he wasn't the right guy to do it. Um, you know, at the time I I I then was in a group chat called NFG Degenerates and I basically asked those guys, I was like, should I buy this? Should I up the bid? And uh they were like, "Yeah." And so I unconsciously leaving the Sedona, leaving on the highway, leaving Sedona, literally looking at the Sedona sign, I unconsciously make a bid on Twitter for 750 ETH. Now, you know me, the second it's out there on in in the public, whether I was actually like really understanding what I was doing or not, the second it was out there, it was out there. Now, nobody really took me seriously, though. So, uh, a bunch of, uh, a bunch of people had basically like dropped comments and they're like, "This is not serious." Cole, who was the founder at the time, never reached out. And um and then I got a call like two days later. I'm in Vegas and I get a call two days later from a guy that I was on a boat with a couple weeks prior. Now, this is an important material fact because I don't go on boats. I don't go out. I'm an introvert unbeknownst to most. Right? So, probably in the five years that or four years I've lived in Miami, you know, I've probably been on a boat five times, right? Subsequently, I just happened to be on a boat a week and a half before, two weeks before with a kid who was Cole Ethereum's childhood best friend. Mind you, this boat only had like eight people on it. So, you know, Cole Ethereum is also not from Miami. So, it just happened his childhood best friend happened to be on that boat and he gave me a ring. He said, "Hey, look, I followed, you know, I saw that tweet on Twitter. I don't know if you know, but I'm Cole Ethereum's childhood best friend. Uh, you know, are you serious about this?" Because like, you know, they think you're not serious, but if you're serious, I'll connect you. I'm like, I wouldn't have tweeted it if I'm not serious. So, I'm serious. Uh, still unconscious, still not understanding the gravity of what I'm doing, uh, or what I'm proposing. But, uh, connected with Cole. One thing leads to another and he accepts my offer. And we go through, I think, months of due diligence. Uh, I actually thought the deal would never go through because there was a material fact in the agreement that he didn't want to change, which made no sense for me to uh sign off on, which was I, you know, to do the deal, I would accept all of his liabilities. And I was like, I'm not I don't know what you've done. I'm not accepting all of your liabilities. That's insane. And we really were stuck on that point for I think a month and a half. >> And uh he folded at the very end. And uh, of course, you know, no one's going to I told him like, "No one's going to buy this accepting your liabilities." So like you know no matter who you know there's no buyer for this unless you want to just drop the price significantly. Uh he accepted it. Uh and that was the beginning of the journey man. And and and the but the journey was rough. So we got right into it. I spent the first week just I I knew they didn't want me in it. So the holder base at the time it was really split 50/50 between me and this really rich guy. This guy had you know this guy had no you could tell he's just not the guy for the job. So 50% of the community thought I was a schmuck. They're like, "He's got a trading discord. He's in e-commerce. He drop shipped." You know, all that. Just like, you know, just just just not under, you know, taking me not take taking me at, I guess, at the time at face value and not trying to understand, I think, who I was and what I was about. Um, and and and so, you know, I had I had to convince them, right? I had to like earn their trust. So, like, I came right out of the gate strong. I was like first week, first couple hours every single day for those first seven days, I was like, "What are your guys's vision?" Right? And it was actually super interesting because what I was going to do with the brand and what I was going to do with the collection, if I had not done that one week sprint of just really absorbing all of their wants and needs, I would have [ __ ] this thing up. Um, and so I'm really thankful for that and the wherewithal, but I did that because I knew if I didn't do that, there would be no trust because half this group didn't trust me. And the these NFT communities in general are built around trust, right? Like trust is a very important variable. Probably the most important variable, right? Like you know my it's an intimate relationship like akin to an intimate relationship comparison. Like whether you like it or not that is the right comparison and trust is at the at the center of that. Um and then I and then I bought and then so funny story then I got this huge mansion part right so mansion party and the biggest boat in Miami is a yacht party actually 400 foot yacht this like sixstory it's anybody who knows in Miami who's seen this boat knows the actual boat I'm talking about and then I just and I just come out of the gates swinging right and because that first month we made like 700 800 grand on royalties royalties were a thing at the time right and then and then so first month and then Tory Lanes performed at at this Cor's last live performance. Important important another important material fact I think is pretty cool lore. Uh so I come out of the gates a week of like just just really them getting to know me and and hearing them and feedbacking with them and then a couple weeks later we do this huge party Tory Lane's really a top three even today top three NFT party all time. I mean it was so extravagant. I mean I've never been to a party like that. uh e I don't think we've ever topped it kind of because I just I I've never like spending that much money on a party doesn't make sense. Uh but had to do it at the time. So, I earned their trust and they're like, "Okay, this guy's serious." Now, the problem here, two two big looming disasters are coming because I bought it April 4th. April, great month. May relatively good month. The later half of May going into June, what happens? Three things happen. Blur comes to comes to life. And so, I'm not going to give you the whole details of Blur because I know your audience is a little different, but NFT the fun of NFTs gets nuked because then it just becomes like a farming for, you know, imaginary tokens thing. Then royalties go to zero. So my whole revenue line basically I'd make 5% on every transaction basically went from 5% to 0.5%. There was no money to be made on royalties. So my business line went from half a million dollars a month to $20,000 a month. And then Sam Bankman freed and then all of the exchange FTX completely unwind. So it's black swan. And so here I am like literally staring at my hands. We we we forecasted a business that was making at a minimum a quarter of a million dollars a month. We had just bought it 2 3 months earlier for 2.5 million bucks. We had spent a lot of the extra money that we had made on like building trust and really trying to move the needle and push forward and trying to separate ourselves amongst the pack. And we and then now and now the royalties again royalties have gone to zero. Now the black swan of the exchanges are just blowing up left and right. And I'm looking at myself and I'm like did I just blow $2.5 million? And more importantly, because you know this about me, Ryan, I was like, did I just make myself look like a [ __ ] schmuck? And and that's and that's where I dug deep. And so at the time, nobody was paying themselves. Anybody who was getting paid had their payment retract. I basically came to the guys and I said, "Hey, look, you're either going to believe in this thing or you're not, but we can't pay you." uh a couple of the you know there there was there was a couple core musketeers and who bought this with me. So I bought you know a a majority of it but a couple other of the big players Lorenzo Vant Peter had bought this business with me. So of the two and a half million they had a stake. The pitch was is like hey we're not going to make any money. I didn't know how bad it was going to be but hey you know take this bet and and and you know put your money where your mouth is cuz that's the game that we're playing. Uh, and then when everything blew up, it just seemed like, oh [ __ ] this is going to get really bad really quick and we've got to do something. And so I leaned into my consumer product chops. Now I always envisioned if I didn't believe that Pudgy Penguins the brand I there was always a hedge to this entire plan which the hedge fell into play when everything blew up the market blew up because the hedge was I would have never bought Pudgy Penguins if I couldn't as a consumer product guy web 3 aside community guy aside if I didn't believe I could build a billion dollar brand off of the character and the name Pudgy Penguins right as coming off the backs of Gail Blaster I closed my eyes and when I think Pudgy Penguins I Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I think Paw Patrol, right? Like I I can see it the same way that I see all these other huge legacy brands, which is important because that's my superpower at the end of the day. >> So then I circle back with the guys and I'm like, "Okay, we're not going to make any It's not going to be easy. The web 3 easy money is not going to come and we've got to dig deep and build this brand. We got to build it fast because the way these books are looking is we've got 6 months of runway and maybe 12 months if we bankroll this thing within a couple extra bucks. we go and we lean into our consumer product shops, get the toy deal, go and you know, and and and that's obviously months of production, figuring out things in the interim. Um, and and we're pretty much on our last dollar, so I have to bankroll the business again with another half a million bucks. Uh, and then and then and then the toys start coming out and distributors start picking it up and then we're just doing what we do best. The socials start growing. We cracked this code. really have to give all the credit to Peter because I had no I had this was not even on my mind. It's actually our biggest distribution channel now. But then he started doing these gifts. Yeah. >> And and the community started interacting with these things and I loved it and I was like, "Oh, this is great." And and so we started to scale that up. >> Gifts now actually I think are the greatest form of IP distribution in the world. No questions asked unequivocally. We'll talk about that in a sec because I know you'll appreciate that. Uh and then and then one thing leads to another. the market, you know, doesn't stops imploding every single day. Royalties are still at zero. Um, you know, and then we just start distributing the toys and then we start, you know, innovating on what actually toy, you know, bridging web 3 and web 2 looks like because every toy comes with a QR code and everyone's on the blockchain and and then we get Walmart and the rest is history. But that that's the cool little beginning that I think a lot of people don't know, but you know, happy to take a deep dive in any which >> Yeah. No, I mean there's a lot of deep dive points, but what like the team is barebones at that point. How are you doing that through that small of a team? Like the amount of creative the amount of for the DTOC portion or whatever you want I mean for the consumer portion for the distribution of that much content and ideation and all of that like how big is that team? So the most impressive part is you kind of you've kind of broken it down because like even if you look at the pudgy Instagram, I know a lot of guys, right, whose whole entire business is like one Instagram channel, right? Who does like the similar style stuff that we're doing, right? Like like there's guys who make hundreds of thousands a month with just one animated Instagram channel that they like spend all their time focusing and build a whole team around it. Like that for us is one of 30 verticals, right? Like >> um how did we do it? So, I knew when we would I knew that once the offer was getting accepted, right, and we were going through that due diligence process that I actually had to win that like one, I wasn't going to like the the thought process behind putting the $2.5 million like how I justified it in my head was I knew I was incredibly talented. I had saw that with Von Dutch and I had saw that with Gail Blaster. To be frank, even though the business flow of the, you know, influencer monetization business was stinky, I also knew that there was a talent in that. Like there there was there was there was something really great that we did there, even though, you know, product integrity and customer experience was not the focus. Um, and so I always thought to myself, I was like, I just felt like a schmuck at the time because I had done so many things and nobody had known me for one thing. So when people asked me what did I do, it just would decided what flavor of the week I decided to tell you what I was doing, right? And I and I and I felt like I was cutting myself short by doing that. Um but that that also, you know, doing all those different things gave me a really robust network of I think some of the most talented people, you know, in the world, you know, in their respective fields. So when I bought the two when I when I decided we were going to do this, it was really a bet on myself because you keep hearing this mantra of like business guys always saying the best bet, you know, take risks when you're early, when you're young. And I was like, I didn't really take any big risks at the time. And I and I felt like again I was cutting myself short. And so I was like, this is this is the big swing I'm going to take. And I know, you know, I know I'm not going to get distracted because I've put my name and my word and this amount of money on the line that I'm not going to pivot, right? I I I I kind of forced myself into this box. And so, you know, when kind of when when when we decided that we were uh you know, that that this was going to happen, I knew I needed the best-in-class guys cuz I knew we wanted to compete. You know, at the time there was Board Apes 4 billion dollar company incumbent. Everybody in their mom was raising tens of millions of dollars from venture community. Everyone had a multiund million valuation. I had just bought arguably the best PFP collection in my opinion for two and a half million bucks and I said we were going to be number one and I was braggadocious wearing it on my sleeve like I do, right? And and I wasn't going to let myself or the people who believe in that word down and and >> I had to assemble the best of the best. So Peter to me best front end, best design, best creative, best-in-class I don't know anybody better even today, right? Like even even today after four years of doing it and you know I've been working with Peter you know I've known Peter since I was 13 but I you know I've known Peter for 10 you know we've been working for Peter with Peter for 10 years I don't know anybody better I still don't right I I don't so I was like Peter's a very important piece of this cog so got him to buy in you know head of creative uh Lorenzo was the best developer at the time I never had any tech talent you know this you you were you know I I and I I think I even tried to drag you into this, but I think you were just so busy doing a bunch of different things. Uh, you had that big commitment, the warrior stuff. You were making so much money, >> but you you I'm I'm constantly trying to drag you into this because, you know, the offer always stands. I mean, I think I even reached out to you recently. >> Uh, but you know, you're making so much money doing so much of your own stuff, but the offer is always open for Ryan Clog in this organization because you are bestin-class at what you do in my opinion. But none nonetheless, you know, Lorenzo is the best developer I'd known. you know, wart Wharton blockchain accelerator winner. You know, wash you Chad robot. You know, Lorenzo used to build robots in high school and he won national championships building robots. I was like, "Okay, you need a tech guy." Uh, he's my tech guy. Uh, and then Vidant was, you know, Vidant now is now our head of strategy, but Vdant was a very talented marketer, marketer extraordinaire. Uh, so plugged him in and and that and then there was another guy, we won't mention him, he ended up, you know, doing us dirty, which is like a story maybe we may we may or may not get into, but there was a fifth musketeer who we had to buy out early on. What a huge fumble on his part, but uh the So the five musketeers came in and and that was the team and and we hustled. Now the fifth musketeer actually to your point uh like how did we do it all? He was kind of folding under the pressure because we were making no money. He had bills. He had kept all his money in crypto at the time. Crypto imploded. So, I do have a little bit of empathy for his situation. I think how he went about it was treacherous and shall never be forgiven, right? But he had reason to to to be breaking, right? Because he had pressure. He had pressure from his from his family situation. He had pressure from his living situation, from his relationship situation. But, you know, we all made a bet. We all knew what we were getting into. And so, if you make that bet, you got to make that commitment. you can't fold one year into it, which is what happened. So, how do we do it all? We had best-in-class guys who knew how to scale and operate teams independently. And the four guys that I had mentioned all could be the CEO of this business, right? So, they're all incredibly intelligent individuals, which you know, one of the best ways to build an organization is like how many CEOs can you have at the executive level that if I drop dead tomorrow could go and run this ship. If I dropped dead into tomorrow, you know, though people would be upset because I'm so forward facing, at the end of the day, the org will run just as well as it did before, right? Because these these guys are built for this. And so, you know, Peter had already run teams. Now, Peter had a design agency, which to your point helped with a lot of the lift. So, I was getting Peter's design agency at cost. And those guys were just, you know, you know, they know how to run six things at once, right? Like that's what an agency does. So that might have been one of the biggest cheat codes at least on the creative side in terms of being able to manage that bandwidth. What do we are today? We're 125 people. You know, Peter's probably running 50 of of these different, you know, 50 50 people are in the creative team that he's running and managing. Uh and yeah, that's that's that's that part. So that answer to your question simply best-in-class talent. >> Yeah, clearly >> you know, good guys can do a couple things at once. >> Yeah, 100%. And then the technical standpoint. So he's handled all of that cuz like even when you said like now we're going to quick pivot and now we need QR codes that are direct connected to this and blockchain and like I've seen like I've messed around in the portal a couple time like I've gone in all these zones and it's it is best of class like it is I don't I'm technical but not that side of technical like I I can you know have the conversations between but not actually click the keys. Um but that is it's best in class like it's insane. >> Yeah, dude. I got lucky. >> Yeah. So when you rolled into this and then now the beyond that is now your own chain, right? Your own we can go into abstract land but like how did that all come together and then the economics of this what started to work once you did the consumer goods or you raised rounds or both or >> Yeah. So the economics of it started to work when we started selling toys. So I was able to co I was able to uh cover my bottom line which was important because when royalties went to zero I needed to cover my bottom line and actually have something scalable and forecastable even with royalties present though it wasn't a scalable and forecastable business. So the the beauty about consumer product is though the margins are kind of [ __ ] and the business is not doesn't get me excited you know waking up every day like I didn't buy pudgy penguins to to go sell toys all day like that wasn't my motivation. Uh it was it it covered the bottom line and allowed us to scale and project and forecast and and actually like build something and then all the royalty stuff on top was just a little a little bit of a cherry on top that you know patted the books which was I think important. >> Yeah. >> Always important to have one of those. >> Yeah. So once the toy started to roll in, we were able to raise. So Pudgy only raised one round. It was a $9 million round led by 1KX. Uh this was brutal because I raised it in the in at this like all-time low moment 300 VCs. How I was raising I had no venture connections. I had this woman named V uh who Peter had brought in and she was on LinkedIn cold LinkedIning all of the VCs in crypto venture and I basically pitched every single crypto VC and venture uh 300. All of them told me no. Once 1KX took that bet and led uh the rest was history. Now, Kronos was actually the first to cut the check. So, respect to them. Then once once you have a lead and whether it's crypto venture and traditional venture, they all pile in. It's like a very I hate I think it's super lame in my opinion, but uh you know, nonetheless, it's how it happens. And turns out I think like the way that I'm doing the numbers, I'm I'm very like finger on the pulse. I think it's probably the best venture deal in crypto of the last couple of years. Definitely top three. Uh because if you understand that because what that deal ended up being is I ended up rolling up that deal into a company called Igloo. So all of those investors went from Pudgy Penguin investors to Igloo investors and Igloo owns Pudgy Penguins, right? And which you know Pudgy Penguin is going to do $50 million in revenue this year. You know, tokens worth billions of dollars, you know, on pace I think easily to be, you know, I I don't think there's any meme token that is better. I think it's Doge and Pangu and I think there's everything else. Um then and then and then you have abstract which is a blockchain right um you know block abstract raised from founders fund so we we did a seed round from founders uh about a year ago and so Igloo is within >> Igloo owns abstract >> owns the abstract >> yeah and then and then there's another company which Igloo owns which nobody knows about which we won't talk about here and and the the thesis around this is is the stack right because if you actually understand how value acrrues and value is generated Pudgy actually has like one of the most important parts of the crypto stack that I think goes totally underestimated which is like this unintimidating well-branded highly marketable character Trojan horse style figure that everybody in their mom loves 5-year-olds love it 60-year-olds love it Asia loves it America loves it Europe loves it everyone loves it women love it men love it everyone loves the penguin right it's the most universally loved character in crypto unequivocally and and the it's not like net new, right? Like new things pop up all the time. Like this is four years in the making, right? And and and the beauty is is penguins have been through the worst of times, even recently, which we'll talk about in a sec, right? Like we go we've gone up and down 90% multiple times, which kind of washes out the non-believers. So, you've really got this tight-knit community of believers. Um, so we raised the $9 million round. That was great. Uh, then we got into Walmart and Target. Then the the toy line and the revenue line started coming in and then I realized what we were in which is like the IP business and then we just became a licensing powerhouse. Now I have a whole new business model that I kind of conjured up which is like web 3 licensing uh which is highly lucrative. This idea that there's a bunch of apps and companies within crypto that don't know how to get PMF and go to market. Right now Pudgy is basically saying we will brand your product Pudgy. we will we will partner with you on it. take 50% of the revenue but we will go and generate something that you know you otherwise wouldn't have been able to generate uh which is you know huge amounts of of fees and money and users to your direction and then I can take that money and bring it back to the community whether that's you know building our NFT treasury or our Pangu treasury or spending more money on marketing and you know doing more money on events and cool experiences and uh that just compounds and just takes the thing further and further but u yeah one seed round for $9 million but that rolled up into Igloo and you know at that valuation for you know I want to I want to IPO Igloo you know there's multiple warrants associated to that I think when it's all said and done you know of the 2021 bare market you know I don't think you could have done a de venture deal in 2021 2022 that would have probably yielded you what I think igloo is going to yield those investors over the course of the next 5 10 years so >> yeah so I understand a bit of what each of those functions do is there like direct obviously there's like overarching connection between them under igloo but how did they direct because if you were to say pangu pudgy unknown thing abstract is there like direct linking of how the economics flow between them I mean obviously at some level it seems like the team flows between them maybe abstract's a bit different because it's more technical but it's very UI very consumer focused so like maybe there is part of there there but >> how are you do they direct connect in any capacity other than on under igloo >> yeah the there's probably two direct connections. There's there's hundreds of indirect connections which I think when they compound are probably more meaningful than the direct connection. >> 1 plus 1 equals 14. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's definitely one of those situations. But two direct connections. The first one is you have if you actually look at what make makes blockchains great today, there's probably like three places that make blockchains great. Meme trading activity, digital collectible and NFT communities, and three app deployments. When you look at Pudgy Penguins, it is the number one net new meme of the cycle. It is the number two NFT, you know, called Punk and incumbent, but you know, number one NFT project, right? And so, anybody who wants to build in the spirit of Pudgy Penguins, and I do and I do weekly masterminds, you'll appreciate this with the abstract builders. I'll do weekly masterminds. So, I'll mastermind with the NFT builders and the memecoin builders. this idea that if you want to build in the spirit of Pudgy Penguins rather than going and building that spirit and acrewing value to another ecosystem and another chain, you can do it on ours and then get that one to one or one to five access that I can have with these builders and actually mentoring them. You know, Ryan, I don't know if you knew know too that the Netscom, you know, fellowship, some of these guys went off to go make hundreds of millions of dollars, right? Which is insane. Like there's like two or three of them that have actually gone and done like a hundred plus million dollars in revenue. Uh, and so I know the power of my ability to actually like hop on a call for an hour, an hour and a half, you know, sit with guys for, you know, 52 weeks in a fiscal year and their whole dynamic and direction completely 180ing >> uh, and you get that access. So, but you know, PUG is the ultimate vertical example of what's possible. Look at abstract as like the horizontal plane which is like here's this like premier vertical you know consumer crypto you know breakthrough blockbuster success story now that we have the horizontal layer because all of it's built on top of blockchain right blockchain technology now we can have other vertical successes following and tailing the one and the be and why that's important is because you look at value acrruel one we're not leaking value to other ecosystems at the end of the day I think what we have is the most important variable for an ecosystem to be successful which is that community that brand like it's all brand community and users at the end of the day right Pudgy is the biggest in those three facets across the crypto plane right so you're able to then you know take that and and and spread that out on a horizontal plane and that value can acrue back to the holders whether it's Pangu holders or Pudgy holders you know the clarity around how that value acrews is yet to be seen but you know people can deduce and unders you know it's very clear you know if you think about it for a minute how that value will acrewue and then the other side of it is you know just being able to um you know directly have something that Pudgy can build on top of right so really how the whole blockchain thing came around was I was getting 20 $30 million offers for Pudgy to build on other chains and that's what sparked the curious George in me right because I wasn't even looking in this direction I was like blockchain I'm not going to build a blockchain that sounds like so gargantuan of a task. Uh or so I thought, right? Still gargantuan of a task, but you know, obviously we we acquired it. We'll get into that in a sec, but uh when I when when when guys were offering me 20 $30 million to build on their blockchain, I was like, I got to look into this. Uh why are they doing this, right? This doesn't make any sense because I'm not going to make them any money. I'm not minting anything on their chain. So where's the where's the reciprocal value exchange? >> And so what I learned was is that all of these blockchains don't do anything. They have huge elaborate engineering teams who are and I'm not doing anything as super disrespectful so I want to apologize for saying that they're all focused on back-end tech which in a world of AI a chatgbt has now since come out you know this is a year ago so like I'm not I'm not of a I'm not of the belief that like back-end tech is is the thing is the moat anymore right so they had spent all this time and energy building this back-end tech they had no users they had no momentum they probably had one breakthrough product, maybe two, but it seemed like a but the valuations were inflated into in in in in the form of billions of dollars. So, I was looking at it and I was like, well, you're offering me $20 million because I'm going to make you $500 million in speculative token value on the back end, right? Very hard, right? and I'm going to add credibility to your thing that has maybe good back-end tech and smart engineers working on it. But, you know, on on its face is nothing because tech is tech and in a world with AI, tech is no longer remote. So, what you guys desperately need need is users and case studies and that's why you're offering me $30 million. And actually the opportunity that I then saw on the blockchain side was the same opportunity I saw on the NFT side which was everybody's focus on the wrong thing. They think they have a moat when they don't. Their valuations are gargantuan and the opportunity here is huge right? This is not just fugazi fugazi right NFTts are a huge category that I think will disrupt a lot and blockchains are a huge category that I think will disrupt a lot. And so I decided that like well I have to build our web two products and web three combination products on a chain because Ethereum is not scalable right and so I needed some sort of chain that could you know give people you know free NFTts on chain without costing a gargantuan amount. Uh and I was like well seems like we're just going to go and do this. So then I bought a company called Frame led by a guy named Saigar who Ryan you met you met this guy. This one was luck. This one was luck because I really shot in the dark. I I I really I really just knew Saigar and his reputation on his face. I didn't know him as a person really. Obviously, we did a little due diligence and we got to know each other a little bit, but this guy was the only missing piece in the igloo because Lorenzo went from CTO to president because it turned out Lorenzo was just way more well suited to be the liaison of like legal and financials and just really understood that better and I think he was more passionate about that role than he was the CTO role. Uh, and then Saigar just ended up being, you know, 20some year old gigachad. Literally, I don't think I I I would bet a million dollars he could go toe-to-toe with anybody's developer. I' I'd I'd put him in the ring just like you'd put me in the ring for marketing or you'd put Peter in the ring for creative or you put Lorenzo in the ring for just business acumen. I would put this kid in the ring with any developer in crypto and I'd put a million dollars behind him and I'd say, "He will beat your guy every day of the week. Put a task up." And the crazy part is same age, same culture, and he's a dog. He calls me and he's like, "I want to win. We're losing right now." Right. Which is, you know, me, that's my language. That's my >> language by far. Yeah. >> Right. I'm not I'm not trying to [ __ ] be a family here, right? Like, we're actually, you know, we've had problems with people at the company trying to treat this [ __ ] like a family. No, we're a [ __ ] sports team and we're here to [ __ ] win and anybody who's in our way will get [ __ ] smoked. That's just it, right? And so this guy comes in and he's just like that and I'm like, "Wow, amazing." and he gets it and I don't know how we got there but [ __ ] >> No. No. Yeah. So then and then abstract now I hear and it's funny you say that because it's like I saw you launch it. I saw when it was around uh I actually didn't make a wallet at the time or like connect through and then uh last week or two weeks ago all of these info code they call them like uh like scalers or like info operators or whatever. Um they're all talking about like abstract August. abstract August like everyone just drop you know drop 20 G's in drop 10 do whatever number in and like it's going to be abstract August so I'm messing around on the platform I'm looking at people streaming I'm looking at games so like I don't fully I didn't spend enough time in it to understand it I didn't research it enough and we had this coming up so I was like what is the plan then of that because I do see that as the difference right like all of these play over here together I've understood that essentially since the beginning not enough clearly to bag in how I should have but I you know I played around in it I've never sold any pangu just like hold on to everything I see where that world abstract now is I hear consumerf facing very easy to you know a ramping right very easy to have entrance into like into these things what is the play with that I understand the play like kind of overarchingly but like do you have some >> yeah so so the vision there and what you see today is super bare bones so what we wanted to prove was like the thesis right the structure of like email 0ero to one one to 100 discovery everything in one interface like right Now if you use Ethereum you got to go to MetaMask and then like unis swap and then just do doesn't the consumer journey is so broken. It's just like DTOC you know 101 which is like bump your conversions right conversions in crypto are [ __ ] because the whole thing is fragmented. It's a puzzle piece. Now the reason why they did this is because of the scop of decentralization but you have to understand there's two different type of blockchains. There's decentralized network states i.e. Ethereum who has to function like that because it's important for humanity. But blockchains, what they really are, and you'll appreciate this, is their payment rails, right? It's Stripe without the [ __ ] Yeah. Right. So, it's Stripe and the banking. And you know, you info guys know this better than anybody. So, I actually will will lean into this topic heavy here because I think this will be a big breakthrough for a lot of your audience, which is blockchains are so misconstrued in what they really are. It's basically Stripe and PayPal without the nonsense, right? It's global liquidity, right? So, I can tap into everyone's payments whether you're in China. As long as you have an internet connection, you can pay me, right? Which is super huge. There's no fees. There's no three, five, 10% [ __ ] There's no holds [ __ ] You know, me and you, Rhino, I know all about this [ __ ] >> There's none of there's none of that, right? It's just payment rails. It gets exchanges value from one place to another. And then on top of that, it's global composability, meaning anybody can plug and build on top of my payment rails. Now people don't know is I take a fee of every transaction. It's a very small fee, right? Take a couple pennies. It's a penny, right? But the goal is is you know that's that's one of the business models of a blockchain. Now the issue is is like everyone was like oh you know it has to be like Ethereum. Well no I'm looking at it through a very like infotraditional finance lens business lens which is like no these are payment rails and like you know Ethereum will build the decentralized network state. No one's going to beat them at that. So, I don't want to go compete there because that's not where the competition's needed. Where the competition is needed is on the actual consumer experience because why are 100 million people not in crypto? It's because the whole experience is broken. The journey sucks, right? So, what we proved with the this version of Portal is a good consumer journey, right? 0 to one to one to 100 pretty easily. Now, it's again very bare bones. It needs to go up a notch. So, I'll give you the thesis as to what these products are. Abstract is the blockchain. It's the payment rails. The portal product is our claude, right? So if abstract is anthropic, portal is claude. The problem with portal portal today is it's branded like abstract. It's not branded like claude. So what the big the big reconvent thing that you're going to see here rebranding iOS app and you're actually going to see what we're going to try to do which is like how do you make this thing you know how do you take you know onchain steam with like stake with like you know something else which I don't want to mention right but like I think onchain steam and like a those are the two places I like I like the best references if somebody was like you're a decentralized stake and another guy was like, "You're an onchain steam." And I like I like both of those lenses. There's another third lens that I think will give it away in terms of where we're going. But that's that's kind of the direction, right? Portal product where you go and you will have fun, right? Just fun. You can you can gamble, you can trade, you can play, you know, video games, you can do everything that you want without the [ __ ] of because you want to know the kicker, Ryan. you and I keep on saying this, but I know you'll appreciate this because what does what does what is the hardest thing to do on traditional payment rails? The answer, if you were to sum it up and categorize it, is fun. It's hard to build fun on traditional payment rails because fun is high risk, right? And so you'll always get your balls busted for building things that are relatively fun, right? Sports B, right? There's a bunch of legal minutia and a bunch of banking [ __ ] that you know when you want to have fun on the internet there's usually some sort of roadblock or huge toll that somebody like a bank or a payment processor is taking in the middle of that right fun on blockchain rails is really easily scalable because nobody's in the in in the middle busting your balls. So, I want this portal product to be the hub of fun in crypto and hopefully one day the hub of fun on the internet, right? Just the most fun place where you can plug into and have fun. Doesn't look like that and doesn't feel like that today, but again, we just had to prove the just barebones model of it. And the build that you're seeing is a seven, eightmonth old build. You know, we got many years to build this thing. Um, but that is the vision for the portal product. Uh, which ultimately is the product. And then again, you know, the hope is is that other people build portal products on top of abstract payment rails, etc. >> Yeah. No, that's amazing. Yeah. Everything you said in in terms of payment rails and what the blockers are and you know, you and I both know how much conventional things that exist that we'll have to come down or layer down piece by piece in order to achieve that and however long that takes. Like I I've had a lot of conversations with people that are crypto maxi to not anymore to this to that. like oh everyone said it was going to be in 10 years 10 years ago and now it's still basically where it is with locked up in XYZ way but there's so much freedom in that that would be and the fun is just the fun right I mean everyone >> super journey is broken though that's why that I identified it it was just it's too many pieces that the learning curve is too robust or it's too difficult to actually you know you just take the I IQ of a regular person you take their behavioral patterns they're not going to do that I remember even for the first time for me using unis swap was totally not intuitive. I'm a pretty smart guy, but you also know me for being a guy that is a little normieesque when it comes to clicking around the buttons. So, I I totally understand why we haven't hit mass adoption because it's too fragmented. So, our big swing at bat is okay, can the back end be decentralized? Sure, but the front end should not be, right? The front end needs to be centralized because centralized and consumer adoption are synonymous. Decentralized and consumer adoption are antonyms. They're paradoxical. They mean different things, right? And that is the big reason why we haven't broken through is because you actually have the have to have the front-end consumer experience. It has to be centralized. If not, it's [ __ ] >> Yeah. D I remember literally you making looms or whatever they were at the time and putting them into those like training centers of how to do that. And even I was watching it like what is like what? And at that time I just worked on the ops and back and all of that and literally wasn't even in the chats very actively other than structure and roles and whatever in Discord. But there was kids in those chats making literally like turning 300 bucks into 300 and like this and when when memes were not I mean essentially early or when they started to get mass adoption it was just crazy behavior and it was all on those swaps. It was like pancake swap everyone's doing on like mobile like just stuff that was you know not normal not normmy behavior. So >> zooming back to like business side of things or you like you're this dynamic individual. I I think they talk about you like I've definitely heard you mentioned on very large podcasts that are outside of crypto world and business world and your young comingings of all of this but like nowadays zoomed to where you are today what do you do daily like how do you where do you focus around these I mean you're CEO essentially of all of igloo so that's all of those lines including un you know you don't have to dock but like saying these new developments like constant new developments large operations that are also scaling not maintaining it's not like you build it and it sits and stays and then you go build the next thing and it's under this. It's like this is growing like this. This is growing like this in connection to this. This is kind of connected but not really. And you're talking about growth over here. A whole new thing like what do you do daily? That's always been and and selfishly it's always been my thing, right? Like the reason I haven't taken you up on XYZ one is because yes, I have this big main thing that I honestly didn't take seriously enough and was just kind of likeing off with life and doing that and fun and now I'm like all work and now it's going like this and amazing. But like I would feel like I'm doing a disservice in my current state. Not saying you are, but like I feel like I wouldn't be able to give you the all the team the all in whatever role that would sit. Same way that I would then not be doing it over here. Like I would be too spread in that way especially because they're so dissimilar in like what they are. >> Like I'm talking about right now going upstream and info coaching and doing stuff around that that's like would help the main business. This is like, you know, left field. If I was doing these two and like, so how do you obviously they're all within one scope, but how do you manage that or like what's your what's your daily? >> Yeah, my daily I'm now I think really, you know, over the coming years it was everything, anything and everything that needed me. I think, you know, when I was working with you, I really was an internet hustler. I think what I'd become, even with Gel Blaster, I was still internet hustling like ton tons of different things. though it started to get me hip to what it was to be in a company. >> I've really evolved. I've really become an entrepreneur here. Um I' I've I've done years of executive coaching. Just so much [ __ ] Like where are we? Where do I do today? I mean, dude, I think I do really what a CEO is supposed to do. I align the top executives on the vision, which you'd be surprised because a lot of people lose track of the vision more frequently than I think people think, especially in a business like this. I solve the biggest problems, right? Or at least I put my brain power on and my critical thinking on trying to solve the biggest problems and I galvanize and rally the community and I'm that perfect liaison between company and community and I'm sitting right in the middle like Moses uh and I am uh and I am making sure that community and company are aligned and that we're not leading astray. And I'm doing what I like to do most which is market. It's the thing uh it's the thing I can finally now do what I do most and the enterprise is built that way, dude. It's there's real enterprise value here and and I really started focusing on that for the last year. Me and the rest of the guys, we started to realize that like if if we we hadn't gone on vacations and we were like, you know, after two and a half years, we're like, man, we go on vacation when I was like, no, don't go on vacation because the whole because that whole thing will go to zero. >> And so we started to really focus on enterprise value and the thing runs like a machine. This, you know, it it won't happen. It will never happen, I don't think. Uh but if all four of us left, I think this thing runs, right? it. Now, the community stuff will probably suffer, but you know, it it it it's at a point where there's real enterprise value, which the beauty is is like I'm no longer doing things I don't want to do. Now, I'm still probably doing 20% more calls than I'd like to, but I used to do 20 calls a day, literally from 10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 30 minute increments with 1 hour blocked off for lunch and rest, you know, and like just giving my vocal cords a break. But now I'm really I'm in the best spot I've been in a while. Knock on wood, Ryan. I I'm I'm happy. I'm fit. I'm the most fit I've ever been. So, you know, you know me. I always [ __ ] disrespected the gym. I always thought I was a bunch of schmucks who were, you know, in the gym. No longer feel that way. I I feel great. I am, again, I'm happy. I'm starting to work on myself, like my personal and intimate relationships, which I haven't done in who knows how many years. Uh I'm super focused. I feel like I'm sharper than I have ever been. Uh, I'm on, you know, probably five, six calls a day, but that's healthy. That's fine, right? I should be on four, but five, six, seven, maybe eight today. I think there's like a seven or eighter, but it's all right. It's a nothing but a good Thursday. Yep. Thursday. >> Yeah. What day is it? Yeah. >> Yeah. We don't look at days anymore. We still We still lost track of that. But I'm I'm I'm in I'm in I'm in a really good pocket. And I think just just thinking of where this goes right now. Now we're in a position where it's like we're not fighting to survive, right? Which is what we were doing for a long time. We're fighting we're fighting to set an example and to pioneer, right? So now I'm, you know, we, you know, we're leading from what it looks like, but I'm still in this underdog mentality of, you know, with great power comes great responsibility, and we have a great responsibility now to pioneer and to set the tone. So the the the level of critical thinking, right? You got to make sure you do everything right here. Here's not not the time to make a a poor uh critical thinking decision. So that's what I'm doing. Just thinking, ideulating, obviously talking and reiterating the vision and doing what I do best, which is market, man. I'm I'm spending probably half of my day marketing and working with Vant and couple other guys. guys. I hired Fez, finally got Fez quelled. Um, if you remember him. Uh, and and we got we got, you know, four or five guys of the best marketers. And I'm just I'm with them having a blast thinking about what new viral marketing campaign because my business above all else, last on the topic cuz I know it's noon, is I'm in the marketing business, right? That's why this that's why we've done so well and why this business is so perfect for somebody like me is because when it's all said and done, it's a game of who can get the most eyeballs. >> And there's nobody here who can get more eyeballs than me. I said that three years ago. I said that two years ago. I said that a year ago. I'll say that today. And until I'm in c until I leave crypto, that will be the case. We are the best marketing team in the industry, bar none. And that's why we will continue to win. Yeah, 100%. No, I mean it's obviously echoed and again I hear it on business podcasts I listen to and they're like, "Oh yeah, that Luca guy and and you just always had the grit, always had the skill, always had the I mean, innate marketing, but also the CEO entrepreneur like gene, right, since since day one you have." So, no, I appreciate this a lot. I mean, the the last one on here, if you got two, is uh what would you do if you weren't doing this? Like, what's the opportunity you can't take right now? consumer >> AI consumer. >> Yeah. I just I see it and I'm like that's right up my alley. I mean these guys are popping [ __ ] apps. I mean not [ __ ] good apps that are really easy to stand up and churn and just running organic Tik Tok and doing that whole thing. And I'm looking at that I'm like if I was there I see some of these kids running. I'm like I would I would give all of you guys a run for your money because again it's a game. the the whole world, Ryan, and this is advice for everyone listening because maybe a lot of people listening don't give a [ __ ] about crypto is the whole world is going into who has the best brand and the most users. That is the moat with AI, your tech stack, your systems, processes. I do not think those are the moes anymore. The moat's going to come down to who has the best brand with the most users. Let the person with the best brand and the most users win. Because anything else that was hard, any other barrier to entry and maybe I guess like legal modes, right? Like you know you now's the time to put legal modes. Yeah. >> Right. You know what I mean? Put because the barrier to entry on building the stack which was you know me that was my big thing five years ago was like uh I need Ryan clog I need Prennav I need somebody to come and build the stack. I can't build the stack dude. You know like I I that's where I would just break. the stack is no longer hard to build, right? Not like it was before. And so, it's really a game of who has the best brand with the most users and and let that let let those companies win. I think that's across pretty much every industry except like the chips and the robots, you know, and that that's a different sector. But to the people that I know I'm talking to, direct to consumer guys, info guys, you know, uh, you know, crypto guys, AI guys, brand and consu, uh, brand and distribution and users. Let let those people win. >> Yeah, 100%. I mean, you'd laugh in our marketing land like we're leaning, we're riding the wave backwards. We just talked about this last week, but we're going to be like, we are not AI. Like, we don't need to compete with the $9 a month AI fitness XYZ. like we're going to go we already fulfill one to one that's already there. So like >> and at the same in the same breath I'm over here like okay cool now that acquisition is good and LTV is going to be good it's like how can I spend eight hours a day actually learning this because I'm behind and where can I find it in back end and infrastructure and efficiency and those modes just not in the communication fulfillment side. >> I'm like we're we're playing that game. So yeah, >> you know what you need to do just because dude I I'm I've I got hipped to this lifetime. So I have a lifetime where I live at a resort >> and you guys got to do a gym man because this lifetime they've got restaurants >> my life my LTV on my lifetime a month is probably two grand. I'm like who is this guy and how much money is he making because they it's insane and they just keep upping the subscription and like no one cares. No one cares. >> Like Lifetime Living or something like that. That's like I think that's actually part of it already. But there's like apartments that are connected to the back of it and it's like your whole healthy lifestyle. >> No. >> Yeah. I just heard someone talking about that. So I think that was >> living. Can we buy lifetime stock? >> Dude, I would. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> All right. You're amazing. I took you over five minutes over. I'm sure you got stuff and you're six calls a day. So all good. >> Do I? >> You're a rock star as always. >> Appreciate you, boss. Have a great day. Let's do some fun stuff soon. >> Later, Ryan. >> Bye.