TITLE: $90M Lessons: Your Biggest Sales & Funnel Questions Answered
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cG3mD4KJZ8
VIEWS: 1847 | DURATION: 00:52:22
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back with a weekend Q&A 
round 14, except this time we are doing it on a weekday. All these questions here were submitted 
to the request box over the last few weeks. And today, I'm going to answer every single one of 
them. Everything from data and tracking around split payments to show rate process to organic 
that leads to high ticket sales to DM setting, I AI implementation, VSSL, phone call funnels, 
offer creation, structuring, technical setup, the ads, all the things. There's so much context 
here and I'm going to do my best to provide as much value as humanly possible to you and get 
these answered. All right. Last year in our info coaching business, we did over 30 million in cash 
collected. We've now actually done over 90 million in total cash collected in this business. And I'm 
not selling anything. Everything on the channel share what did work, what did not work, and what 
we are actively doing to scale this business to over 100 million a year. All with the goal of 
finding top talent opportunities and networking with cool people, building cool stuff. All right, 
let's get into it. For context, I have not made videos in a minute, so I'm a little rusty. This is 
like my 15th attempt at starting this, but we're going to roll with it. All right, first one. What 
is your process system with split payments? And how do you sort track everything and make sure 
it's paid up? What kind of consequences? Uh, and timeline if not. All right, so first things 
first, split payments versus PIFF. So PIFF, PIF stands for paid in full. Let's use 
an example here of $8,000 PIFF. Okay, so you're selling your customer $8,000 for access 
to the thing or for coaching with you for a year or for whatever. A lot of the time what people 
will do is internal payment plans. So split payments that equal out to an amount that's more. 
Okay? So like 10,000 for pay of 2500. Now people do this differently where you have four payments 
of 2500. That's either the month 1 2 3 4 or that is depending if it's over a year they'll sometimes 
do it quarterly. So it's like 2500 to start 2500 2500 every quarter. works every 3 months instead. 
Um, other ways that people will do this is split payments out through external financing plans. I 
have a whole video where I talk about this on like the different cash troughs and like when certain 
people need to get paid, when you collect cash, but all to say when you use external financing 
a lot of the time you'll get that same number just minus the fee and you'll get that upfront and 
they will handle the payments to a CLA and a firm, a split, whoever and you get a portion of 
that PIFF up front. helps with cash flow, helps you get more cash collected up front, XYZ. 
So, how do we track everything? So, proactively, what you can do is make sure you have any of these 
things set up correctly. So, your math is correct is a big one. I see people all the time who are 
like, "Oh, it's 5K for the year or five payments of 1,000." And it's like, okay, well, there's 
no incentivizing someone to piff. So, why would someone do that? Um, another way that a lot of 
people can do this is by setting up basically what's called like we call them deferred PIFFs. So 
pushing the cash to the first 30 days. So you can incentivize sales reps, you can incentivize CS, 
fulfillment, whoever to push that those payments upfront. So someone still joins with a paid plan. 
Let's say they join with one of those 2500s, but you incentivize XYZ person. And inside that first 
30 days, you're like, "Hey, are you loving the program? Okay, well you agree to 10K in payments. 
I can honor that the PIFF pricing of 8K." So you just pay the spread between the 2500 and 8K if you 
do it in that first 30 days because you're loving it so much. So depending on where your business 
lives or how you want to control the cash flow, how much certainty around you want around the 
cash you've collected, you can do that as well. So that's kind of the proactive side of things is 
just doing that um and pushing the cash forward as much as possible, incentivizing it in the right 
ways, uh including certain things when you do uh piff. But tracking for everything can be done 
in a million places. So, the simplest answer is you set this up inside of a subscription tracking 
platform, meaning uh like Stripe has this, [ __ ] has this or you can put it in your CRM or a sheet 
or whatever, I mean your HubSpot table, anywhere um that you want to track this of when the next 
payments are. So, once you have all of that set, those are going to automatically attempt to bill. 
Now, on the reactive side of that and tracking of that, if it fails, what are your notification 
sets for failed payments? Do they fire into a Slack channel? Do you get an email? what to know 
that that payment did not go through and does that go to you and to the customer. Um, and then 
what kind of consequences? Uh, we don't really have like I I've heard of people go to like small 
claims court. Um, just do a lot of stuff. That's just not our in our ethos and how we operate. Um, 
it's obviously not great and that's why we try and push as much cash forward as possible. So, for 
timeline, it's like if they're not responding, that's a lot different than if like they're 
gathering the cash or trying to figure it out for a couple days or something like you know, we're a 
little more lenient with that. But if they're like full non-responding, depending if you're selling 
info, you can kick them out of the community, the course, the co whatever. If you have coaching, 
you stop fulfilling on the coaching. So now you don't have the cost to fulfill on the coach. Like 
ideally, you would have gotten the the, you know, revenue or the cash collected as well as, you 
know, fulfilled on the contract. But if they're not on their end, you're not on your end. So you 
then reduce the cost that you would have had. Um, but yeah, that's essentially it. So, proactive 
tracking there and then reactive, making sure that you're following up, trying to update card on 
file, do you need to switch your payment method, XYZ. Um, but making sure you have both of those 
so you know when the payments are when you're starting to do that. We're actually doing a whole 
overhaul right now of this in like terms of the like a custom data solution in order to track 
this. Um, because ours has been kind of messy. Ours ours have always been on subscription 
like platforms auto, but when you start doing like custom payments on the front and then the 
schedule isn't set correctly. Um, but more so just on the overall data tracking. So, I think 
I just spent five minutes talking about that, but it's important. Um, all right, Ryan, you 
mentioned number two. Hey, Ryan, you mentioned you knew some guys who built out some theme pages. 
Yes. And made some serious money doing so. Um, I don't really personally know these guys, but 
I've heard great things. Um, I run a sports page on Instagram and Tik Tok that has been growing 
extremely quickly. 230,000 combined followers in the last eight months. I want to turn this into 
a real business. Heck yeah. Uh, I asked a similar question in the past and you said I should lean 
into building out pages instead of selling info and creating competition for myself. Agreed. I 
asked Cardinal Mason the same question. Good, dude. Uh, and he said, "Identical thing." Even 
better, dude. Uh, I think the best way to scale this is by hiring VAS and giving them my SOPs 
to grow multiple pages at once. I've made some decent money selling one-off promos in the past, 
but when I was much smaller, and I think the real money is in closing big deals on a monthly basis 
with larger brands. Do you think hiring VAS and growing multiple pages simultaneously and then 
monetizing by closing deals with large brands by showing them I own a network of accounts 
is the best way to reach the scale and turn into a real business? Also, to the best of your 
knowledge, does this strategy align with what you guys do or did they run a different model? 
Thank you so much for doing this. Uh doing this, man. Um all right, so I don't like personally know 
these guys uh like super well, but I've heard this is fantastic. And I also know other people in 
the space um that do it. So, shout out to them because this is like a a great business model. Um, 
so you just essentially own the traffic, right? So like instead of having to pay Meta in order 
to, you know, pay for a click, you already own the audience. Um, so it's same way if you own an 
email list, the same way if you own a community, the same way if you own customers because you paid 
for them and now they're customers. Like you just, you just have an audience that follows you in a 
specific niche around a specific thing. Now, to get around the business model, I'm not extremely 
clear. I had a video with Orin John on here and he talks about it from the influencer perspective and 
how much he gets paid on certain deals, which is like crazy numbers. Um, so it's the same idea and 
the same model where he has a personality brand around a specific niche of things and content that 
businesses are willing to pay to be in front of. So whether that is per post, whether that is 
percentage rev share, whatever that is, the simplest example is you have an audience that's 
all around XYZ niche of software thing. you have an affiliate link in your bio and when people join 
that software you get a commission on that that is performance version versus a software reaches out 
to you and will pay you five grand to make a post. So, in sports, um, I'm blanking on the name of 
the guys that sold theirs, but one sold for like 50 million plus. And to my understanding, it was 
not about being multiple pages, uh, simultaneously because really what it's about is I mean, I'm 
sure there's some sort of like risk mitigation of it being on one account versus multiple. Um, but 
the network of accounts is like a different model, especially if you're in different niches than 
the idea of one large account with one large brand name and like, you know, household name for 
basketball or household name for whatever. I mean there's like uh Friday beers or you know bar stool 
or whoever are examples of this where they have XYZ niche and of course they have kind of like 
subniches within there or like cross um but it's the brand itself not necessarily the idea that 
you just have a ton of them and network. It's like they built up the core thing. So I think more so 
is there a model where you can continue to do it on this a sports page that's niche within there? 
I and I don't know necessarily know the answer to that. like can you grow this to you're the 
dominant one that has 10 million followers. Like how deep can you take one specific thing more so 
than can I have one that's over here in this niche and one that's in a business niche and one that's 
in a uh personal finance niche and one that's in a um you know sports or whatever. So like I think in 
my opinion it would be go deeper on the main thing because the more reach you have in one specific 
vertical ICP the more you understand them the more all of that kind of stuff works. So in order 
to grow that I would assume it's doing more of the same andor finding more sources in order to 
grow it. And then the other side of it is more ways to monetize it. So is it by post? Is it by 
partnership? Is it by revshare? Is it by you know moving them to from one audience type from social 
following to uh owned you know owned audience which is email SMS all these other verticals in 
which you can communicate and have them as your audience. Can it grow into a community that 
you have that's a free community on school or a W paid group or this or that, right? Like where 
how does the ecosystem get bigger? It's like how do you increase the traffic flow which is like 
growing the page and the audience there and then how can you diversify them into where else you 
can communicate with them and own the audience in the case that your page goes down or something 
and then how can you monetize them which is like the different layers of monetization through XYZ 
XYZ and then you know the monetization of the audience as well as the reach all the things. So 
hopefully that makes sense. Um, but I think that's more so the strategy than going wide and having 
a bunch of different ones unless you're going for like the network play, which is like, you know, 
people already do this and buy up accounts and own tons of them. Um, so yeah. Next one. I am a 
part I'm part of a career transformation offer. I don't really know what that means. Uh, how can we 
get show rate up? I can help with that. Currently 40%. We have 15 intake questions. So, I think this 
means like going from one career to another. Um, I don't necessarily specifically know the ICP, 
but I guess that doesn't really matter. Uh, how can we get the show rate up? So, you're at 40%. 
So, show rates are difficult. Um, show rates are think of let's we're going to use this probably a 
lot today, but like how to think in extremes. So, how would what's the chances to get someone to 
100% show up or what would you have to offer for someone 100% to show up for calls is like, 
you know, if someone was going to be, you know, XYZ like bad thing if this amazing thing if you 
were going to win the lottery only if you answered at this certain time or showed up to your call at 
this time and you'd win a million dollars. 0% is you book a call and then on the thank you page you 
get hammered with 40 texts that are about like you know moving across the country and you're trying 
to you know win the million. It's like doesn't make sense, right? Like you you need consistency 
continuity throughout that and a good enough offer for the reason that people want to show up. So 40% 
is low but it's not like crazy low for where the market is currently at. So the functions of show 
rate are essentially what is the framing someone is booking for. So you say you had 15 intake 
questions and I assume what you're meaning by that is like the application prior to the booking. 
So they're applying, they're then booking and then they're not showing or only 40% of them are 
showing. So application is good because you have the opportunity to frame them and get them to want 
to book, right? But you also then when in that process want them to want to show. They want to 
have this conversation. They want to they want to join your program. They want to apply. They want 
to go whatever the thing is. They want the results is really what they want. They want to lose 
weight. they want to, you know, increase their income, they want to do whatever. So, it sounds 
like the framing isn't is off. And then all the things you can do post booking is like educate. 
So, Jeremy Hayes has tons of content on this. So, just go binge this. But everything on the thank 
you page, everything in the communication, everything where you show up is now what is 
critically important once they book. So, there are a lot of things you can do on the front and 
like how you're framing it and why they're what the offer is and why they're even applying for a 
call uh or applying and booking a call, whatever the framing is there. And the other side of it 
is like think if you over here are like, "Oh, join this free thing and book this free call." 
And then on the thank you page, they're like, you're like, "Hey, just so you know, there's a 5K 
offer and this and this and this." Like no one's going to show for it because there's distance 
because you didn't say it was expensive over here and you're saying it's expensive on the back. 
So on the thank you page, you want the, you know, preframe video, which is like congratulations, 
you know, affirmation. You took the first step. Here's what you need to know for the call. Show up 
at this time. Make sure you do this. Make sure you do this. Here's how we're going to contact you. 
we're going to reach out in other things on the page are like FAQs, testimonials, like FAQs, hear 
what most people ask. And idea being if they want to consume information and if they have questions, 
they can get them answered prior to the call. So it's not a bunch of Q&A on the call before the 
close. It's more so just a close on the call, right? Is the goal. So FAQ, uh, testimonials 
all throughout there, long form, different types because you don't necessarily know who the person 
is. So this type of ICP if you have multiple, this type of ICP if you have a different one, right? 
Um, going through that. And then uh Jeremy Haynes other stuff hammer them strategy. You're now going 
to own their feed basically for the next 48 hours until their call or whenever that range is. So you 
take all the people that have booked, put them in an audience, get them on Facebook, get them into 
Meta, and you're hitting them with different long format, short form ads, testimonials, you 
know, trust builders, uh different FAQs, all of that stuff on Meta or on wherever um prior 
to them getting on the call. Um other things you can do is send emails that have more context and 
information. And then the big ones are trying to contact them. So immediately speed to lead. 
Someone books, fires into a Slack channel, setter calls them. Hey, reaching out. Just want 
to confirm your call. This is the process we go. Whatever. Do you understand it's a Zoom call? Do 
you understand that you booked 4 Eastern time, not central? Okay, cool. Um, here's what to expect. 
Here's this and this. Build rapport. Cool. Now, three-way text with the lead, the setter, the 
closer. Hey, just wanted just got off with so and so. Uh, they're super jazzed to talk. Here's 
some context, whatever. And you drop them in a group chat. Now there's more closeness. they feel 
the need to show up because of XYZ. Um, so there's a lot of levers you can pull. You just have to 
think of this like levers. Everything in this is levers. Um, so yeah, framing, trust assets, stuff 
in the back, question answers, um, all the all the fun. So I have a previous client from an agency 
that wants to go to a sales coaching angle. He's opening a few gyms per year. He has a partner in 
another business with tech company Money. Uh he's doing 15k a month inviting other gym owners to his 
weekly sales trainings with his team from eight gym locations. No other programs or offers. Not 
his focus right now. He's got he's got a lot going on but is a pusher. Should I offer to publish 
him? He's great on camera doing organic but has no tech operator chops like I do. Uh yeah. I mean go 
for it. Like this is a model. This is one of the feature or whatever. Yeah, I guess features of uh 
gym launch at one point. They had like the sales squad thing. I I don't remember what they called 
it, but you could basically like if you bought it, then your sales reps could all join the like mass 
sales trainings that they would do. So, it was like a one to many situation where it was hosted 
by um them and then you could join it. Um I think closers actually does another version of this. 
Closers.io. Cole Gordon I think um does this. So, yeah, I mean definitely can do it. I don't really 
necessarily know what the specific offer is and if someone's like busy like this like yeah, feel free 
to offer to publish him. Um, I just don't know if someone who's got a lot going on and they're the 
main fulfillment is going to want to do this. Uh, I mean, if they're already doing it, the 
idea is that this is a one to many offer. So, if he has I don't know if she said this, but let's 
say he had eight gym locations and all their staff on there and you got him to 80 and it was had the 
same efficiency, like yeah, you can make a spread on getting him to 100K a month and you make, you 
know, 50% of everything you bring in or whatever the math is. um to build a whole offer around him 
and something different around him would take work from him as well. So just knowing that if he's 
got a lot going on and it's not a priority to him um that it might not make sense but dependent 
um you know there's a lot of things you kind of threw in here with business partners of tech 
money and what he's making on the side seems like you know there's a lot going on. So yeah it 
would definitely work. The question is just like is the partnership going to be good? Do they want 
to do it? Does it make sense for them to do based on their other opportunities? Saw a tweet from 
CCM. Love these guys. Uh that they did a video for you. Yes, they have been doing videos for 
us. Uh I'm starting to work with a client that wants to run purely long form uh long form 
for traffic to a VSSL book a call funnel, high ticket offer. How are you structuring 
your long form content funnel? Video styles, topics to hit the right avatar. All right, so 
this is perfect because these guys rockstar CCM um just asked me for a testimonial video. So I 
will do it right here and clip this my guy. Uh and you can use this one. So we use them right 
now because we have never focused on firstclick organic. We have not to say we never focus on it. 
We've never successfully done it is probably a better way to say it. Like we have tried kind 
of to do it. Um but we have always been a very paid heavy company and then our long form and our 
organic exists in middle and bottom of funnel. It is used in resources. It is used for already to 
send to leads. It is used as a web. Once people consume a piece of content they consume more 
and basically just a massive consumption moat. Okay. So, that's how it's always been built. 
We've never never directly optimized for like the craziest, you know, first click and all 
the YouTube first organic, all of that. So, we are attempting to do that and we are paying 
these guys to do it. They're doing about five, I think it's four or five videos a month for 
us right now. Um, they are outliers. They are standing out as outliers. It is like you can 
directly see which ones they're making. They are doing literally everything. We're just filming. 
So, they are like doing ideation. They're coming up with titles. They're coming up with scripting. 
They are then giving it to us and we are filming. So, we're doing this one and then they are doing 
um all the post post production edits. They are making the thumbnails. They are posting them and 
they're doing the titles and all that stuff. So, like it's everything outside of it but us 
having to film it which is like fantastic. So, major pros and and kudos to them for that. Like 
I should do that honestly for me but like I don't want to be all fancy and like show in that kind of 
way and that's not really my goal of my content. Now, to speak in terms of data, and this is where 
I was like, I'm going to be honest about this in a testimonial. Thus far, we're in one, today is 
middle of September, early September. They have run for us since July. So, we've had all of July, 
all of August. In that range, we did about 10 and a half million in cash collected, a little more 
than that. Um, and on first click it has generated like 9K across a range that we did 10 and a half 
million. But on last click it's like somewhere near like 100K. And if you look at total clicks 
across that range, it's like 35 4,000 something like that on what is not a lot of organic view 
like uh in in like terms of you know what you guys watch and all these crazy videos with tens of 
thousands or hundreds and millions of views. Like ours is not like that. Um, so it actually has a 
lot of clicks that are coming through. Now, it has not directly converted and done the exact thing 
that I want it to do, which is like generate new audience and find cold audience that then comes 
into our ecosystem through there. And at least again, my tracking is based off them clicking on a 
link that has a tracking link on it either in the description or the links or the comments. Um, 
so overall, extremely happy with the guys. Um, I love the idea. I think everyone should do long 
form organic. I think it builds trust. It has consumption. um their stuff is really good. 
But in terms of like has it been the direct attribution for first click, we also run so many 
ads. We al also already exist in this audience. We also have been doing it for years. So like it's 
a little bit of a different game. Um but yeah, so that is my overall experience. They're great. 
I'm just excited for when first click is like millions of dollars, not when it's like not 
that big of a needle mover, but I believe we can get there. So now, how are we running to 
it? So initially we had it as two links. Um, so we were running to a VSSL opt-in, the core 
VSSL opt-in funnel and then we were running to a low ticket offer. So we had two links. It was 
basically like get this or get this. Um, it does get a bunch of low ticket sales. Uh, they have not 
directly ascended more than the others um based on quick tracking um because we can see which ones, 
you know, ascend up in that in that um tracker I was just talking about. But we did remove the 
opt-in one about a month and a half ago, a month ago to go direct to a DTA instead of an opt-in 
with the idea that they just consumed XYZ amount of content. They already have the consumption. 
They're going directly to basically apply, right? They're going directly to do that. So to 
gate them back to Jeremy Haynes, like you if you use optin pages, people hate you hate money. But 
it's more so about the intent. So, if you don't if someone already has consumed x amount of content, 
is ready to apply and goes to an opt-in page, they put in their name and email, then they get 
redirected to a VSSL and it has no apply button and they're just kind of like lost in it and you 
got the email so you can like re re, you know, re-engage and email and like bring them back in um 
and new way to communicate with them, but it's not like right there. So, instead, we're using a DTA 
page, which is headline, VSSL application button, so they can directly just apply, go from YouTube 
video consumption to a direct page that can they can apply. Um but even that like it gets a ton 
of clicks. We are getting more apps and bookings when we use that model versus the other. Um but 
it has not directly backed out more. So not going to say that we've like crushed it with this but 
video styles and topics. Yeah. Just right to the avatar. So this is not my lane. These guys are 
doing a lot of this um kind of for us right now. Um but we're testing all kinds of stuff. So we're 
testing just depends on the niche specific. But like you know is it day in the life versus like 
deep uh detail versus um you know top five things versus this and this. So they're trying a bunch 
of these different ones. Um, but yeah, these guys definitely know what they're talking about. So, 
DM setting. I'm already at 20 minutes. Oops. Uh, DM setting and getting inbound prospects for a 
client on X. 10 to 15% daily reply rate to the opener. How would you structure the process from 
qualifying, providing value, proof, pitching, and making sure he's financially qualified before 
booking a call? Um, so this is more not I mean, we don't do like any of this. So, if you go to my 
video I did with uh Jeremy Moser, he talks about this a lot and they're doing it on Instagram, but 
like similar idea is you have them in the DMs. So, you're already doing the getting the 10 to 15% 
response rate. Now, once you have them responded depending responding depending on what the opener 
is. Yeah, it's conversational. So, it is back and forth. What are the biggest This is not my lane. 
So, I'm like speaking out of my you know right now when I say this, but you're qualifying. You're 
doing exactly what you're saying. You're providing value. You're qualifying. You're pro like they're 
already now looking at your page. Does the page have all the things to provide a moat to to have 
trust build assets on them. Can they enter in now a link in your bio that points them to this and 
this? Is your bio directly headline calling out who you help and what you help them with that is 
a direct problem these people have? Um can they, you know, scroll through the feed and you're just 
providing case studies and helpful things and XYZ. Um like does that all that exist? One. Then 
qualifying them. are they a person that actually needs this thing that you're providing them? 
Do they want this result? Um being able to have simple assets you can send them that do provide 
value to them and or provide proof to them and then you're not really pitching at that point. 
You're pushing them to you know now you kind of have the qualifi qualified part um financially 
qualified. I don't I don't know how people directly do this in DM. Um and then pushing them 
to the app or the booking, right? So, all comes down to like if you have a good enough offer and 
you're matched with an ICP that actually needs it, like it's a it's a no-brainer. It's just another 
communication method. Um, there's someone else you can you can look up on YouTube that's going 
to give you more valuable insights on this, like a Jeremy Moser or other info offer around 
AI implementation in business. Your demo is for entrepreneurs. How would you leverage affiliate 
and influencers to grow? uh low ticket offer for templates and courses uh sending up into 
a high ticket coaching is assume what you mean by this. So an info offer that's around AI 
implementation in your business. How would you lever affiliates and influencers to grow? Uh so 
in general when you're targeting affiliates and influencers and you're going to the demo of entre 
of entrepreneurs, you just need to find affiliates and influencers that have the audience of 
entrepreneurs. It's like step one. Um, now it is what kind of content, what is the cost to create 
the content or, you know, to post to have the distribution and can you do that as a percentage 
in like an affiliate deal where they only get paid when you get paid as a percentage? Uh, or does it 
have to be, you know, an influencer style thing where you pay 5K to get a post? Back to what I 
was talking about earlier. Um, so you just have to know your math and your economics on what you're 
willing to offer because, you know, you have to know what your LTV essentially is with this of 
what you're willing to pay for a customer. So, if it's sending them to this low ticket, you know, 
templates and course and it's a no-brainer and it costs a h 100red bucks and you're able to pay 50 
or 100 or if you know what your ascension is into high ticket and you're able to pay, you know, 
300 on that. You don't who knows uh what you're willing to but it's really what they're willing to 
take as well like depending on who the affiliates and influencers are. Um, but yeah, I think that's 
one way. And then the other thing is like right now you're just saying I want my traffic source to 
be affiliates and influencers, which is good. It's a traffic source. Um, and people do part, you 
know, I use the example on here, the guy that does over 100 million a year. They run no ads and 
they just do partnerships and they're basically the backend of all these other businesses. Uh, 
and they crush. So that is a traffic source, but you can also run paid to this and you can 
also build organic content to drive sales for that. You can do a lot of other traffic sources 
to to grow this because this is interesting. Um, we literally were sending one back and forth 
in our like Instagram chat yesterday and it was a cool sales p it was a great ad. It was a 
great like sales page that had a bunch of cool stuff on it and then it was a direct to cart 
for like $1,800 and I was like, "Okay, well, I'm not buying that right now." But like depending 
on if I would have gone through if there was some like low ticket version of it and then I entered 
that and then there was some upgraded version like who knows what I would have bought. Um, but just 
like hitting the cart or not even the cart, but like the buy button and it saying $1,800 over it, 
like I was like, I'm not indoctrinated enough to know what this is to put $1,800. Um, but the idea 
was the same thing. It was an info offer about how to apply AI into your business as an entrepreneur 
and like how to leverage it as the owner. So, like they were spot on. I just wasn't ready for the 
type of entry that they were trying to do. Um, and there was no opt or anything. So like now I just 
they assume I get targeted retargeted but they can't email me or reach out or ascend or anything. 
So good business though. Uh I help sports coaches sport coaches train athletes online and we're 
doing a little over 100K a month. We've had tons of resistance on the front end and my hypothesis 
is because the market isn't sold as a majority on the mechanism of online coaching. Tons of 
resistance on the front end and my hypothesis is because sold on the mechanism of online coaching. 
Okay, I'm sure there are other industries where there's a ton of skepticism around the model 
itself, but I have tons of case studies and proof that the model works. There's a ton still tons of 
resistance. We're currently selling info product for 5K with an upsell of 10 to 18K. I really 
want to watch a done for you revshare portion of my business because there's so much resistance 
to the model itself and five of my best clients 50 to 30k a month said they'd be down for 25 to 
35. Help sports coaches train athletes online. Sports coaches train athletes. Okay. Um, I've been 
thinking about pushing my focus to growth operator model and selling coaching as a program as an 
afterthought because of the resistance to the offer I currently have. If I gave you control 
of the business, what are you pushing done for you or done with you and why? Additionally, if you 
went done with you, what conversion mechanism and why? All right. So, I'm not fully understanding 
if I'm being honest. Um, I help sports coaches train athletes online. So, you help the actual 
sports coach who runs a business. You're helping a It's like a bisop. You're helping these guys 
train athletes online and your business is doing over 100K a month and you're helping people 
who are doing 30 to 50k a month but are lower. So you are we've had tons of resistance 
on the front end because of the market not wanting to be online coaches. So, you're 
helping somebody who locally helps soccer players get better at their craft, and you're 
trying to take them and bring them online. Um, all right. One, the model's proven. It works. I 
know guys who do a million a month in this exact niche as the actual people who do it with the 
client, not like with an actual like the person who's playing the sport. um and it is remote 
and they have an in-person function on the very tail end if someone wants to, but almost 
all of it is remote. So, the business model is proven and works. So, I don't know that that's 
even true in terms of resistance um because you can prove that it's done in the marketplace. 
Second, just to your like done for you or done with you approach. I mean, if you can with an easy 
service delivery get 25 to 35% of their business and build a bunch of these up and just own the 
network of them that do it with like a face, you're essentially just being like, like you 
said, a growth operator and doing it there. So, essentially what you can do then is instead 
have your coaching program as an info. So, it's like the it's the tranches of uh Ascension. 
It's like you can sell a 2K course that's just like an info product that's like here's how I run 
all my stuff and here's my systems and here's the login access and like go have fun. Do you want me 
to help you? And if you help me and you done done with you it's 10k instead of 2k or 5k or whatever. 
And then if you want me to just do it for you then it's 50k or it's revshare or it's whatever like 
the monetization amount or type can change as the implementation changes but you can still have 
your thing. So, we're talking about this at uh Daniel was actually talking about this, Fosio, 
about how you sell like the done for you result as the way you get people in the door because 
it is an option. So, it's like the best offer you can make and that's what you run in your ads 
and that's what's public. And it was like learn how you can do this, this, and this or learn for 
you and it'll be completely hands-off and all the amazing dream scenario. They come in and when they 
actually get to the point of the sales call, it's like we have these different options. A lot of 
people just want to like try and do it themselves and they'll whatever. This is like a 2K offer. A 
lot of most of them we come in here and we just do it with you where we help you through this and 
this group coaching and do it whatever where we're kind of like hands-on. Um, and if really you just 
kind of want to be more or less handsoff and just be the face, then for 25 to 35% of your rev, we'll 
just build this thing around you. And it's like, okay, so you stayed true to your promise of what 
your offer was, was we will just do this for you, but it's like the most expensive ideally way to 
do it, or we have this option, which most people choose, which is like our flagship middle. Or if 
you don't even want help at all and you think you can do this on your own, here are the tools and 
secrets and the way to do it. It's just two grand and you always have a version that you can sell. 
So, I hope that helps. Um, I hope that helps. But I would almost always get these people on the 
phone. So, I would do a DTA funnel, which is the headline VSSL application, and then get them 
on the phone because when they're on the phone, you can sell them these different things versus 
like having three modules on a page that's like this option, this option, or this option. They 
click on it and they look around. They're like, I don't really know which one's for me. and 
they have like one question and they bounce versus like you're on the phone, it's like you 
change the price from 10K to 5K in two seconds or you can add this other thing or you can like 
get market research on what people actually want and need. Um, which you already kind of have. But 
yeah, so hopefully that's helpful. I'm currently running a VSSL plus masterclass plus phone call 
funnel where we help women lose weight. H now I'm thinking of going more niche with my avatar. For 
example, women over 40 who want to lose 20K. Uh, the question is, should I build a completely 
new funnel for each avatar, change the all VSSL, or should I stay broad and keep one funnel without 
specifying age? Um, dude, this market's huge. So, okay, let's use another example just for sport. 
Uh, let's say men over 50. Okay, we help men over 50 get XYZ result, which is like get toned or like 
get back to XYZ or be as you know the same way you were when you were 30 or do like whatever the 
thing is. Okay, those markets are still massive. So, when you're saying like build a new funnel 
for each avatar, like you only need one avatar because you you don't like unless you're doing 
millions a month or more or even more than that, like your one avatar is fine. The messaging you 
use with the avatar a little different, but again, millions a month. So, like you don't need to 
think about that. So, you just need to pick one and be the best at it. So if it's like you can 
always change this later, you can expand it later, you can go from here and go out. You can have a 
VSSL that splits into two and now instantly you can have double the market size where they choose 
their own adventure on interactive. So it's like I'm a male, it's over 50 or I'm a male, it's under 
50 and the under 50 takes them in this track and the over 50 takes them in this track and like 
that's your new idea. Like now you can capture all males and all males is like four billion people 
and then take it to English speaking only that's like this or whatever, right? So like the market's 
huge. So like you just need to own one niche. So I hope that answers. But just like pick an avatar, 
go hammer on it. Put that number everywhere. Put the results everywhere and just stay true to 
it and don't be the we help everyone model for direct response because that's like the whole 
point. I'm speaking to an expert authority in the fitness niche. You guys crack me up. Uh currently 
about building and publishing an offer with them. The offer I'm talking about doing is a 12-month 
high ticket program with onetoone combined with video libraries of workouts and programs built 
around their IP community and town hall sessions about health, nutrition, lifestyle. The experts 
highly qualified. If you had to start it over and rebuild everything you know now, what 
would you advise in terms of delivery offer structure? Don't worry about competition. Thank 
you. Uh they're not female and it wouldn't be a direct competitor. Got it. Thank you for 
the clarification. Um what's the question? If you had to start it over and rebuild knowing 
what you know now, how would you advise in terms of delivery and offer structure? All right, this 
is very dependent on who the actual avatar is, who the ICP, the niche, all those things because 
I was talking to someone, this is a very this is a great one actually. So I was talking to someone 
that sells a function of a bisop thing. Okay, so they are basically like helping, let's call 
it barbers get to whatever revenue number, get to 50k a month, doing whatever. Okay, let's just 
say now they were structuring it as a 12-month program because they heard that we do it one or 
that someone else does one or whatever and it's 12 month now high ticket program. Does 12 months seem 
like a short amount of time to get your goal? No, it does not. the person literally if they could 
would click a red button and they would get the exact result tomorrow. So why are you extending 
it to a year? The only time in my like peanut brain right now that it makes sense to do that is 
if it's literally not possible to do it. And even then you don't really want to frame it necessarily 
as that. So if it can take them six months or three months, do that. They want the result. So 
if it's in 90 days that you can help them get the result. And this is where it's like actually 
matters because when you're working with someone's body, you're doing this like what is realistic for 
the time frame but also still a good offer because if it does take six months like we know like it 
takes years potentially to build like this dream body but to get XYZ result of thing it could be 90 
days it could be six months it could be whatever is like the most realistic doesn't sound like you 
know think of the extremes I said this earlier but like it'll take 10 years to get your dream body so 
we are selling a 10-year program and it's $50,000 like no versus a one-year okay we're getting 
closer Is there a 16w week? Is there a six-month? Is there like something else that's in the median? 
Like we're talking about doing this right now, for example. But having something that's more 
like entry friendly and then once they're in and they understand this and this, there's other 
things to sell them. Um, but I do like going high ticket because you do not want to compete with a 
$7 a month like AI app. You don't want to do that. So live in the land of having those things for 
the offer structure. Now the other side of this is understanding the cost of delivery in order 
to fulfill on something like this. So let's use simple math. But let's say just for simple 
math, say it costs 10 grand for the year. Okay, in a version like this, when you have a onetoone 
coach and you have this, you now pay a coach for a year. Okay, so what does the coach cost? How 
many clients does a coach need in order to have an XYZ income that is feasible or so they can be 
full-time or anything? Okay, is that 60 grand? Is that 90 grand? Is that somewhere in between? 
Like where is that land? Is that 150 because you're doing something like I don't I you know I 
don't know what the offer is or what the direct um thing you're helping with. But let's say let's say 
it's a,000 bucks. Okay. Or let's go crazy. Let's say it's like 3,000 bucks. So if it's 3,000 bucks 
and 10K, okay, that's 30% of what you collected. Now depending if you're doing ads, that's another 
30%. If you have like a 3x rorowazish, let's say, so now you're at six. Let's say you have a 
sales team that's 10%. Now you're at 70%. Right? So you're already down to 30% margin on 
that before you have overhead before you have all these other things that stack. Now the levers you 
have are playing with your acquisition your which is like a function of marketing and sales right 
so the percents that live there um and then your fulfillment costs and then like your overhead and 
your other stuff right so just those quickly as a thing acquisition how are you going to acquire 
them that you have an xyz cost to acquire and the other one when you're asking about delivery and 
offer is the type of fulfillment and what it costs to pay the coach for that term and in this example 
we use 3K, but how would you get it to one or 500 or 100 but still get really quality service? So, 
this is where you have different levels of um like you said pre-called trainings where you have group 
coaching where you have um software deliverables or AI or like those are things that are reducing 
the burden of what it costs to fulfill on the product and there's a bunch of other levers you 
can pull on that. Um but that's how you have to kind of think about it. So, if I had to start over 
knowing what I know now, I would align it with what's realistic for the timeline, but don't make 
it seem like it's this crazy far thing. And when you also say it's 12 months, you now uh attach the 
cost of that to fulfill on it. Um, so you likely can shorten it. Um, you also can play with some of 
the levers on the deliverables in order to bring your cost down on what it cost to fulfill on it, 
but still provide really high quality service. Um, but you can offer things that are free, you can 
offer partnership things, you can offer all these other things um that can make it worth it and 
more and increase the value that doesn't cost you dollars. Um, and yeah, so I would think of 
it like that. Um, offer creation structure plus delivery. I think that's this I assume that's 
the same person asking the same question. So, um, how did we fail the second launch? Uh, and 
how to scale the multi6 figs off every launch. Basically, we launched a new a brand new offer 
and it was sixmonth cohort-based program online swimming offer priced at 600. Cool. Swimming like 
swimming swimming. Uh first launch went well. We had $50,000 in cash collected in seven days. 
Nice. Two months later, we launched it again because you did a si Wait a minute. So, you 
did a six-month cohort and then you locked it down and you're fulfilling on this one. You're two 
months into fulfillment on this one. And then you ran it again and only did 20K. Traffic sources, 
Instagram acquisition sources, weight list funnel. 600 being direct to cart, no sales call. Hype was 
insane for launch one. We didn't do as well for two. Less Instagram content was pushed out too, 
but didn't expect a massive drop from 50 to 20K from launches. How would you improve and scale to 
six figs? So yeah, you have just a you just have a traffic a consistency of traffic issue. So you 
had an audience of let's use a hundred people that were all jammed and excited about this thing that 
you had never offered. Like Horoszi just did his massive launch. He had however many hundreds of 
thousands of people that are like super fans and were like waiting and he had never sold anything 
other than a couple books and they're like all jazzed and it's like this pool of all these people 
and then you offer them something and they're all going to buy or a higher percentage a large 
percentage of them is going to buy and then if he was to do that again in two months it is going 
to be less of those people that are going to buy. Just like general rule, not saying he him exact, 
let's just say, but like same audience pool, same audience pool again. Like first off, a bunch 
of them already bought a thing or the thing. Now, if you're selling the same thing again, it's 
like all these people already saw this. Some of them already bought it. Basically, the ones who 
just did were the ones who saw it the first time or either someone brand new or someone who saw it 
last time and didn't get to get in and was like, "Okay, cool. I'll do I'll do it this time." But 
like unless your audience is growing and or you have new which is like paid media for example 
is new cold traffic or partner or whatever all the different types of traffic source unless your 
audience is growing you are not going to be able to convert them just over and over right it's a 
it's getting smaller it's getting less effective you're also hitting them less times which doesn't 
make any sense um I mean it does make sense if you don't want to like hammer the audience because 
you're trying to use it for other things but like you that's to be expected everything here 
that happened is to be expected. So, weight list funnels are great. Um, I've heard great things. 
We've never run one. I know somebody who's in a similar space to like in like a fitness niche that 
does it that does really well uh with weightless funnels and cohort based and delivery gets to 
be is is less expensive because they can do it in batches instead of evergreens. So, like all the 
power like rock on with that. Um, you just need a better acquisition or like a traffic source that's 
more consistent. So, getting better at meta, getting better at whatever. Um, and then you can 
run like hybrid weight list too. So like you can run paid to a weight list and then there's ways 
I have seen and heard that people then do sales calls. I we don't run any of these so I'm not 
sure how that actually works but like basically someone's on the wait list they're doing outbound 
dials to them and then or having them fill out some application post weight list confirmation 
that's like why should you be accepted and then the ones that have the highest you know intent you 
dial and you're like hey a spot actually opened up and you can join now but that then breaks your 
cohort-based fulfillment. So, and I think probably like I don't even know FTC I think if you say 
this that you know there's two spots and there's actually 4,000 spots. Like I don't know how that 
any of that works. Knock on everything. That's not my game. But um yeah, this is all to be expected. 
So you just need consistency around traffic source and or an evergreen source of joining something. 
Ideally that's some function uh recurring or has a backend. So, what is your technical setup to tie 
sales to a winning ad? I'm trying to figure out a better system to be able to attribute sales to a 
specific ad a lead came in on. Um, all right. So, depending on how much you do, there's like there's 
multi-touch. So, the simple answer is get a just get a high-risisk account. Super simple answer. 
So, shout out those guys. Um, that's basically the answer. So, that's one way. The what Hyros is 
essentially doing is it's storing the clicks and it's storing where they came from. So if you click 
on an ad that came from Sorry, I'm getting away from the mic. I was getting jazzy. Um but if you 
have an ad and then you append XYZ parameter on it and someone clicks to your page, you can track 
that that person came to your page from insert here channel and ad and whatever. So it's like 
meta ad one ad set or campaign ads set ad and like all those things are in there and it's like hey 
someone just clicked on your page and did this. Now that person then fills out a lead or becomes a 
lead, fills out an application, books a call, buys that ad did it. Now, where it starts to get like 
crazy is when they click on that ad and they don't opt in, but then they click on a Google instead 
of Meta and then they opt in that time and then they're in your email sequences and they click on 
an email and then they apply and book a call and then before they book a call they click on three 
more ads because you're hitting them with hammer them campaigns that are all different and then 
they purchase. Which one got the purchase? Right? And it's like that's why inside an high-risisk 
account or whatever or any of these attribution models, you're going to have last click, first 
click, scientific, scientific with 30-day, 60-day, 90day, whatever the ranges are. I think it's 30, 
14, something. And uh scientific is meaning which one was the first click within that range because 
you're trying to figure out which one actually like brought them into your ecosystem, not which 
one like was the last one they saw and clicked. But there's cases that it makes sense for last 
click. there's cases it makes sense to see which ones of the emails are driving the most clicks or 
the most action events like you can look at it in all these different views all when it's stored in 
one location. So what Hyros does is it just takes all that stuff and just stores it all for the 
person and like fingerprints and grabs all that and they also then feed that back to the pixel. Uh 
we do not use it for training the pixel but like that's a separate conversation that's completely 
unnecessary for up until XYZ number. Um, so yeah, so it'll show you which ads, it'll show you 
which ads set. It'll show you all that. Uh, and or you could store this on your own server 
and have your own custom data lake or your own CRM that stores all these things. But it just 
gets very difficult to see it inside ad manager to feed it back correctly into what pixels. um 
to see the viewer of what they clicked on when and like which one in the attribution models and 
then overlay those on top of each other because like if you store all your own server data, it's 
like you're looking one-on-one at like what the traffic journey or or or user journey was um that 
they went through and like you want to be able to look at like meta and look at the viewer and be 
like, "Okay, on Scientific 30, here's what meta says." And then you can go over to Google and be 
like, "On Scientific 30, here's what Google says." and they're saying they're pulling from the same 
data versus if you're like trying to store it on your own and then try and like match them back. 
Just no. So, very quick answer. Hyros Alex Becker, what up? So, next one. How do you research and 
test different emotions for your ICP? For example, your ICP may be rather broad, like adult 65 plus, 
but how do you dig even deeper into picking the emotions or state of mind that push them to make 
a purchase or sign up? How do you make how do you dive deeper and how do you research and test 
different emotions? You run different tests. You have different ads and different angles and they 
tie to different pages that generally would have different angles on them as well and you lean into 
one and you test that and then you test another one. Um, another a really good one is I don't know 
what I remember calling it, but it's like three three and a half hour video with uh at you know 
buyer of media. I believe his name is at buyer of media now or alchemist or whatever. He got his 
ex taken down but he's on X and he shares a ton of stuff but he went so deep into this into all 
of the copywriting and psychology and everything behind this. Um, but that's the simple answer 
is you're just going to test them with different very front-end things and which ones have higher 
click-through rates and which ones have higher cost per or lower cost per click. And ideally, 
you can then bridge that back and then like, you know, get optins on different headlines and 
see which ones pull through. But in the end, the real answer is like if you're in a full-fledged 
do this, it's not about just the click-through rate. It's not just about the cost per click. 
It's about what the actual cost per purchase is or what the action you're targeting. So, if it's 
for bookings or sales or whatever, like which one is actually bringing in someone who's a buyer 
more so than, you know, win the free vacation, you have a crazy high, you know, CTR and low cost 
per click, but it's not an actual representation of your offer or what's really going to convert 
them. So, doing it in a way that actually makes sense where you're really like every time you're 
testing these different emotions, they're tying to the core thing is the one thing. Um, and then I 
hear everyone just uses Claude now. I hear Claude is like the number one copyrightiting goat for 
helping with this and pulling from all the Reddit threads and pulling from comments on, you know, 
reviews on product pages on Amazon on what people who have XYZ problem, what their actual problems 
are, what they're seeing, what words they use, all that kind of stuff. Um, but yeah, Jason Katasi, 
what a legend. Copyrightiting for paper call. Oh, there's a question for his call. Sorry guys, 
I didn't see this until, you know, after the fact. I run insurance, paper, call, auto, life, 
mortgage. I'm finding it super hard to make emotional stories that convert into policy. I can 
easily get a 50 to 60% hook rate with four to 7% link clickthrough rate. Good. Um, but I struggle 
at making the viewer emotionally invested into the problem and solution. For the stuff I run, I can't 
run free or government angles, unfortunately. What is your advice on how I can make these emotional 
stories that sell something super boring like insurance or at least make them invested enough 
to call and request a quote to see if it's a fit and have the sales agent convert them? Yeah. So, 
like again, I'm not the person to answer this and I you clearly wanted me to ask Jason this. So, one 
Jason would answer this if you asked him on X. So, ask him after this video. First of all, if 
you're here 49 comment 49 if you actually just made it through me yapping for 49 minutes that I 
don't even want to tell you what time it is. Um, ask Jason on X. Tag me and Jason and I'll make 
sure that he sees it because I'm going to see him soon in person, too, and we'll get this 
answered for you. But how I'm going to answer it is if you're getting great hook rates and 
you're getting good link click-through rates, but you're having I you're saying you're 
struggling at making them emotionally invested in the problem solution. I don't know 
where you're feeling like that's the problem, but I assume it's because they're then not calling 
and or not converting on the call, which is like a which is a completely different issue. Um, 
but if you're getting someone to get hooked, you're getting them to click now, they're landing 
on your page and they're not booking a call, it's what occurs on the page. So, it's either not 
in connection to it, like these are great stats, but that you're not in connection with it. It is 
not a good offer. It is broken. it is whatever. So like that's step number one in my mind and again 
I might not be the person to answer this for you but you're saying that convert into policy sales. 
I just I don't know if you're meaning that they're not actually clicking to book to talk on the 
phone which I think it is because at least make them invested enough to call. So it's just the 
connection of how you're getting them to the page and then how the page is getting them to there 
like copyrighting 101 like headline sells the sub headline subline sells the first paragraph 
whatever down right. Um so you just it's just the page based on my simpleton brain. So, I might 
be wrong in this, so tag me, but that's about as simple as it is. So, making sure the continuity 
is there, making sure that it sells it. I mean, I've helped lead genen guys that have the simplest 
page you've ever seen with like an emotional headline and a graphic and or like a calculator 
that's a graphic, not even an actual calculator, and a button. And all of them are like clickable 
to the call and like they crush and do hundreds of thousands of dollars a day. So, that's 
the gist, but that's what I got today. Uh, all the past videos are here. I did 120 days 
straight of these, but if you made it this long, you probably already know that. But that's what I 
got. Did whatever 10 and a half or something like that over the last two months. It was actually 
more than that. Um, we won the bet. That was fun. Um, and yeah, that's what I got. I'm going to 
get back into making these. Uh, and I'm actually going to come up with some like good ones to 
build as like full walkthroughs and flowcharts and fun things. And I'm going to like every info 
coaching event there is uh over the next quarter um or like three months. So talk to you guys soon. 
You're great. Hit me on X. I'm almost at 10K as this is recorded. It's like 9.9K or something like 
that. So you guys are great and I appreciate all of the support and kindness you throw. So talk 
to you guys soon. Hopefully this was valuable.