TITLE: Crossed $100M. Here's the 2026 plan...
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP7DCe0ci2g
VIEWS: 4427 | DURATION: 00:32:17
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back. It has been a few months, a few challenging months at that. But today, I'm going to be going through a 2025 review, uh, and a 2026 plan. All right, so we're going to go through the L's, the losses, and learnings of 25, uh, a few wins we pulled out, and then dive straight into the 26 plan for Mainco for which I have some fun updates on this I haven't shared on here, uh, and Personal as well. All right, so last year we did about 30 million in 2024, and 2025 that we're about to finish out. Uh we're currently at around 33ish and we'll get probably close to 34 in total cash collected in our info coaching business. Um and yeah, I'm not here to sell you anything. I'm just sharing what did work, what did not work. There's a lot of did not works today. Uh and what we are actively doing to scale this business. Uh and everything I share on here is really just for me to be able to find good talent, opportunities, and network slashmake friends with other people building cool stuff. All right, I'm a little rusty. It's been a while, so give me some grace. So learnings and losses. So number one, this is like by far by far the biggest is leadership and people. Um this is going to be a theme across this entire thing. I by far by far by far feel like this is my biggest skill gap in what needs to be developed. Um so on the people spectrum, it's everything from being attractive and being able to recruit in quality talent, right? um have the right roles and responsibilities for them that exist and having the business growing at a place where it can it can have those people and can foster those people and then also leadership of those people and I feel like that was a huge shortcoming of mine. Um we got some really talented people. Uh we churned some really talented people as well um for essentially them for them to go to other places that had a stronger pole, a stronger leader, a stronger organization and also like more aligned with them too in all fairness. Um, but yeah, this was a this was a really big one and I I think if we could solve for this, it probably solves for 99% of the problems that, you know, I could go through here and plans and you'll see that in my 2026 plan, but this was a big one for me. So, the tactical side of it, like where people sat on org charts, uh, like what what do they call it like butts and seats? Um, so are they in the right seat and then is it the right person as well? Uh, and I think this is still under development. Um but we definitely had some challenges with this and then also my leadership or management or whatever you'd call it of those of that team as well uh was definitely a shortcoming. I feel like it's a huge unlock that you know might be some function of a silver bullet uh that I'm hopeful for. But that's a big push into 26. Uh inputs do not equal outputs is another big one. We I I mean I had to have been sitting at this desk for just hundreds and hundreds of hours. I mean I I don't have to I'm not doing public math but no joke like 15 plus hour days pretty steady and a lot of inputs went in a lot of effort a lot of scatteredness team and leadership I mean like everyone felt it where everything was on fire at once and trying to put this out and do this and do this uh for a lot of inputs for not a lot of outputs I mean we did yeah record year in topline um but if you look at our goals that we had set uh in profit and in topline uh I mean we didn't hit either of them so definitely an L um by far. So inputs do not equal outputs. Prioritization of top projects, prioritization of what we're working on. Um like a healthy balance there uh and being efficient, which you'll see is a really big push into 26. Um spread thin and time management. This is for me as an individual. Um so coming into this year, I had just just main co essentially and I had kind of gotten rid of any of the side quests I was doing. Um and was pretty dedicated in on it, but still not working necessarily full days. and then came in the personal brand or whatever you want to call this style of things and that was the first kick at like okay I'm sitting at this desk like 15 hours a day like no joke um and that is because me and time management my inability to do that well or hire for it well I was still very in the weeds and operations and and across the entire business uh as well as trying to do all my own stuff as well as trying to have a personal life as well as was so like it was just nonsense like it was it was crazy um so this is a big push for me as well because now I've taken on more commitments um because I think I got better at it at the time management. Um but I'm still feeling this right now. Um so yeah, so this was this was a big L was kind of back back to the inputs like spread thin and time is all the inputs I'm putting in. Um and it just feels almost wasted at some point which is not a good feeling when you when you you know go an entire year and you look back and you're like oh we're in the same position and I don't feel like we are uh especially like mentally. Um, but if you look at, you know, stats, there are some things that would put us essentially in the same place, which is never a good feeling. Um, being okay doing nothing. Um, that was a big L. I did have gaps and the gaps turned into these. Like, as you'll see, these all kind of like ladder up to each other. Um, but never have I been okay with doing nothing. And I I'll get to that in this personal section, but just sitting and doing nothing. instead I find things to take on or do or go and refresh or go this and this instead of just like being able to like actually have the refresh time. Uh and I think that's been huge to, you know, I don't really believe in I I believe in burnout. I just feel like I haven't been burned out. Um and I was probably as close as you could say to that at some point throughout this year. And instead of when I had these gaps of doing nothing, I just doubled down and 5x down uh in situations like that. Uh which is probably not the answer. And it probably was take a breath moment. And I didn't do any of that. Zero this year. Uh, no opportunities. So, I say in these videos all the time, opportunities, opportunities. And I got the influx of all influxes. Um, crazy amounts uh of influx of pay for consulting or help me with this or take a percentage of my company. And I denied all of it um on purpose. But I kind of like looking back on that like there were some really quality companies in there. and you know this whole I'm not selling anything like I I really don't have anything to sell you like still to this day. Um but you know being able to take someone part of someone's company help like an actual quality business grow. Uh that was probably short-sighted of me to just try and like stick stringent to my I don't even know if that's how you say that word. Uh stick to my I'm not selling anything when that's not really selling something like like again to this day like you know I don't have a course or mentor like anything like that. Um but I I miss out on some major upside on things um just because of this belief which I don't necessarily prescribe to. So I still even in this moment haven't taken anything um except for what I'll drop kind of below. Um but yeah that was a big one. Fitness roller coaster when this happened I have always been like pretty dialed in on this. Like I go every day all day or not all day. Uh I go every day like 30 minutes to an hour every day no matter what and I'm in like pretty solid shape and like life's good. Uh I in the last 3 or four months of this year has been some crazy roller coaster of just like I've been at my desk so much or feeling like I need to be on that I've like actually stopped going consistently which is crazy. Like we're talking like five years of never breaking that until this year which is just really not cool. Like even when I started to do all these videos for the first time. Um so yeah so that was a big one. And then long game hurting the short game. So, I talk on here a lot about how, you know, equity value and this like idea of us trying to break through this mold of info coaching and become an exitable business. And I think there's a lot of ways to do that. Um, I also think that I I think I don't know and I think I haven't had conversations with maybe the right people or consume the right stuff to know the answer to that. So, you're kind of judging ba I'm making decisions based on a belief that might not be true, which I don't want anyone to do. I don't think anyone should do that. and I'm even doing that. So, yeah, we made a lot of decisions around things that we wanted to add to the business that instead of doing it for a cash flow play that we could have essentially spun up in two to four weeks, uh we went down a route that was for equity value and future and this like big future thing that is a large undertaking. And while being oops, while being spread thin, time management, trying to do all the things, also not being an expert in this field, uh it basically never just got across the finish line. And like even today, we were talking about kind of the plan for this and I think we have a really good plan going forward, but we're basically going back on this and being like, "Okay, cool. How do we do a blend of this instead of doing everything ourselves and trying to like build this equity thing as like a standup side thing?" Like it it ended up hurting the short game because some function of focus was lost uh for some other big like future thing, another kick the can. And again, it's just cash flow that was missed today. There's competitors that are only doing that and like that's all they do and they're going to beat us if they are only doing that and better uh and have product experience and all that. So yeah, some some long game moves hurt short game. So a couple short wins. Uh what are we at? We're already at 8 minutes. Sorry guys. YouTube was probably my number one. Uh I've waited to do this for a long time. I've thought about doing it for a long time and I never really felt like I was in a place to do it. Now I don't care. Now I'm happy I did it and it has opened a lot of doors uh for me. uh such as all the events. I spoke at Cole's event and I went to all Iman's stuff and Jeremy's stuff, spoke at those and Daniel Fazio and like you can just go down the list of info coaching events and I was I got invited to all of them and got to you know people in the room knew me uh and had some really good connections and conversations with some people that I never would have met if I wouldn't have done YouTube. Like I was just talking to someone uh in a chat and like I I think it is by far the number one business hack of like our current time. Uh being able to produce long form in this not necessarily this format but this kind of style that's not just like clickbaity. Um it's like actually get to know the person at least on the business level or thinking level or whatever. I think this is life hack. So you know we're nine and a half minutes in. We probably lost a bunch of people but like the people who are here like I feel like there's some relationship at some point. Uh, and it has, yeah, it has soued. So, family and friends, I leaned into this bucket, um, a little bit more than maybe usual cuz, uh, I'm more local to them now, uh, after some moves and some other stuff. But, yeah, I feel like I have a better relationship with them than I've had in a long time. But, I will be very honest, I'm still struggling immensely to be able to do this well and this well and this like it's just it's a pain. And then financial one, uh, the business, you know, it's buried in here, but essentially we did 10.6 in a 60-day sprint. That's the last video I think I have on the channel. Um, where we were trying to win a bet and we pulled all the stops and did all things. Um, but I'm saying is a win and a loss because we burned the team pretty heavy. Um, I don't want to say the motivation was not ideal, but like we we pulled a lot of stops out. We found a lot of broken things when we did this. We did it to do it. We hit it. It's good to know that we could, but it it everything since then has almost been like down and like, you know, there's been some up months in between, but in the last three or four months, it's been pretty painful. Um, because we broke things on acquisition, we broke things on sales, we broke things on leadership. Um, not necessarily directly correlated to this, but ever since this, it has not been fantastic. So, we're kind of rebuilding the the the ship right now again, which is like the key point here. Um, but this was really good to see that like if we all got behind something, we could do it. it just isn't sustainable in the current form and I believe it to be in the future and kind of how we're changing things but so getting into Mainco um where's this yeah so the number one thing that we're kind of like isolated around is like efficiency so there's the mission and the values and everything we stand behind which within main code that is the forefront of all of this um and now the question is how do you do it because that is going to continue exist and we need to do it in a more efficient and to get a better return. Um because back to the input output and the leadership and people um the speed in which we we almost got corporate uh and like bloated I don't even want to say bloated in a team sense because I don't really even think that we were bloated in a team sense like we we probably could have done more with less if we did XYZ but just in general like almost bureaucracy that kind of came over and and and QA and touch points on things and passing things to team and there being three or four people who could be responsible for it. So it never got completed in the a timely fashion. Like this was one of our biggest things. Like money loves speed and and and growth loves speed. And I think we we took some L's on this. And I know I go a lot faster than or expect a lot faster, but I think it was just it's it's apparent across the the company and the team that like there are projects that took two months or four months or a decision that take took way longer. So this is a big one uh within team as well like focusing on the the priorities of what we're actually what's the what's the current bottleneck you know everything I currently say or that I say but then you have a whole team so you're trying to get everyone make sure everyone is working on their prioritized things so like an operating system was not fully fleshed and that's on me um and who I put in place to lead it slash me to lead it uh and I yeah this was just this was just broken um the efficiency of the projects the flow of the prioritization ads huge on in this like we did some diagnostic stuff and like looked at a year in review and we just we botched it. So beliefs around optimization um beliefs around exclusions, beliefs around funnel distribution and diversification like we just we just botched it. So we had you know shift in in management of this in about the middle of the year had crazy good success ran through the the summer um very good and then right after that just nuked it. Um, and the thing with ads is it's like is it the ads or is it, you know, when you're running um, sales team, like is it on the sales side? Is it both? Um, so there's a lot of play back and forth there, but just I'm going to get into it down here, but the future forward is is is not as reliant on ads. We have been very reliant uh on ads forever, for literally ever. And it has been kind of the crux of volatility. So, I'm sure you all know at whatever size at 100K or 500K or a million or 5 million or whatever like when when you're really heavy spending into ads and things go wonky, it can it can be pretty volatile and that happens at much higher ranges as well. Uh when that is the the core crux so like single traffic source or like you know very heavy in one traffic source, heavy on a funnel um heavy on a sales team like any one of those goes wonky and like it kind of messes up the blend of all the numbers. Uh and when multiple of them go wonky it's like it's bloody. Um, so yeah, that was a that was a big pain there. And then leads, when I say leads, I mean sales. So we've never been a company that's strong in setting at all. I mean, we did our some of our biggest months. It's essentially like closer only model. And the market has shifted. So we are rebuilding entire CRM stuff right now. We're building team to make sure that like every lead is, you know, treated. Where's my where's my sticker? Like I'm like jamming this on my face. It says everyone is someone. And it's like you get, you know, 5,000 leads a day and you're like, "Okay, cool. 5,000 plus 12% plus this." And it's like, "No, no." Every single one of those people that opted in are interested in something or everyone who applied or everyone who booked a call got to the point in their like awareness and journey to where they were ready to take a step. And it's like it is a person who has a problem that you can solve that is in pain. And that kind of got away from us uh a bit this year. It was just like a it was kind of a numbers game. And we could just be way more efficient. like you know we can sell multiple percentages of the lead versus like 1%. We can do a lot of low ticket and do like there's just so many more paths to this. So all of this blended together is really like the core core focus of 26. Um in MCO we want to move direct response to direct to cart as much as possible. So we've never been a direct to cart company um not in a long long time and we kind of cracked into there couple hundred units a day low ticket um but then it feeds into into the sales function which has not been optimized within the company. So like that's what we're focused on now is we can't scale into direct response direct to cart scale scale into it uh until like metrics are pretty much there. Um but I want to be able to lean very heavy into there which then requires you know essentially like a sales army. Um so that we can be very effective on the leads portion of this. Um so this is a big change for us because we've really been direct response to lead funnels uh for majority of the time. Um, I want to lean into organic juggernaut. Like I see it more and more and more the brand, the in real life, the the focus around that. Um, we've always done a lot of organic and you know, a lot is very subjective. Um, if you objectively look at it, we probably do not do a lot. Um, but we've done a we do a fair share of organic, but it has never ever been firstclick heavy for us ever. Um, it's always because we spend so much, we spend into it, then they kind of get in the ecosystem. I want to try and really lead forward with this. So there's a lot of cool initiatives and hires and stuff we're making to bolster this for each platform. So long form here, multiface long form here, um short across XYZ, like potentially affiliate like style um or UGC style, like there's a whole army thing that we can do with this that I that I really want to focus on. I mean, think of the extreme. It's like if I want 80% of my bookings next year to come from organic, like what would you have to do? And it's like a crazy thought uh for us especially, but I think it's very doable and I think it'll lean into the brand aspect which will make it much better for this as well. Sorry if this is long. I haven't been on here a while. Um Mr. and LTV maxing back to what I said long game versus short game. Uh we are now openminded um to looking at actual like strong partnerships, co-brands, full brands purchasing uh within the space of you know who who as your customer. Um so partnerships, physical products, continuity right now essentially most of our LTV comes from the fantastic product. We have extensions of that. It has it crushes for us like we we are have a lot of client wins uh and they want to stay for a long time. Uh but we essentially have one core offering. We technically have some function of continuity and we technically have some like uh you know sample style um low tickets now, but there needs to be more more ways to help and service the customer and get paid for that. And that was what we're kind of building here. But it it is getting more and more in a place that there might be something that we can do partnership or buy or something uh instead of standing this up from from the ground up. And that kind of fits in this physical product zone. Uh and the continuity thing would be on us and kind of one of these, right? Because these all would have continuity. Um so that's a big one. People, people and system, people, people, people and systems. Uh you'll see me talk about that a lot uh across all of these. Um but that's my big belief and that is my belief as to where my skill set is lacking. um and where it needs to be developed as well as what is kind of the unlock here is you know business is a collection of people at some level um collection of skills, interests, uh time zones, all the things and I think we could do a much better job at um curating really high quality talent for very specific positions um that are managed in a very good way that are compensated in a very good way and I think that that would be a big unlock for us um coming to this next year. I think we have a lot of really quality people. Um, I just think almost me or the the the structure and how it sits right now is not optimal for them or us. And then systems, you know, I'm not going to deny that there are ways that you can automate and AI and your way through things. And that's kind of how we built this initially was a handful of really quality people with a lot of systems and now it's a ton of people with kind of lesser systems. So finding the balance there uh is going to be big. Um, best-in-class results and brands. I don't have to go much into this. I mean, this is what it is. Um, you know, what's the what's the quote where if you have good enough product, you don't need sales. If you have good enough sales, you don't need marketing, whatever it is, right? Like down the down the trail. Um, but essentially like imagine you have the literal best product ever, ever, like between referrals and organ and just everything will flock to it. And so leaning in there and leaning into the product suite and leaning into what we can do as an actual company in terms of results uh and and customer success and client happiness and all of that. Uh that's just going to be a pillar. That's always been a pillar for us and we're just going to continue on and lean into that. Uh and then data clarity. So we got really messy with the data when we started to do more volume. So it's like it's not really a dollars thing as much as it is a units thing. So, units of leads, apps, bookings, different funnel sources, um with the continuity, different plans, different pay amounts, different pay per like there's a lot of that that starts to happen uh at at volume. Um and we were good for a while with some function of duct tape. And then I said the words, I want to be enterprise. I want to be enterprise. And I said it for like two months straight. And then I got it. We got we became enterprise. You know what enterprise is? It is slow. It is clunky. uh it takes forever to ship things. It needs nine approvals. And that's what happened. And so that was a mistake. I I wanted to be lean and scalable and be built like functionally to scale. And enterprise is not what I wanted. Um so we went way down some custom rabbit holes of building custom data solutions and custom reporting tools and all this stuff and like to the point that I cannot even make I couldn't make uh like clear business decisions uh unless I like scrape together my own data. And like that's not the point, right? like the point is to be able to make good ones. So yeah, that was uh that was a big learning. So now we're essentially pushing everything back to source of truth in a tool that we already all all are in. Um so we basically have like a user side source of truth and then we have a client side source of truth um that extends now to fulfillment. Um so this has been a big one for us because everything around financials and everything around um you know early indicators to make decisions uh was a bit messy. So that's another big push. So um this is a fun one. So, I don't sell anything. Uh, I still haven't sold anything. And this screenshot, I don't know if I said yet, but this is WAP. So, we moved a portion of our processing, basically a lot of the new processing over to here, as well as financing. Um, but we still have a bunch of legacy cards and stuff. So, this still stripe is still running right now, but we're basically pushing all that over into Um, so I met I knew these guys for a long time. Um, for like coming up on two years maybe now. Um, and we were always in talks about something for Mainco and then also for me and like back and forth. Uh, and finally I was talking to Iman about something and I went up there for uh, one of the events and was talking to Iman actually flew from Jeremy's up to New York. uh Iman chat and then over and talking with Cam and Steven founders and something just like clicked and I was like maybe this can be a good play for me where you know Iman writes a check and gets his and does all what he does and I was like I have a lot of sweat like I I can I can do some sweat equity. Um so we basically structured a deal around accounts. Okay. So, no new acquisition, but essentially account activation. So, think everything counts. Account activation, how we're focused on that is getting from basically new merchants, new sellers on platform from 0 to 10K. So, Gavin stepped in here uh as well as a bunch of other really strong leaders inside there um to own WAPU. So, this is getting developed out as essentially like the free course on all things internet. So, it's going to be how to do offers, it's going to be how to sell a service, it's going to be how to sell info, it's going to be how to essentially like offer, publish, scale info. um probably going to be around how to sell uh apps and software as well that you can build on there. Um so I just saw behind the curtain with a lot of these conversations and I was like, "Yeah, I'm down. I'm down." So uh account activation, account management is in in current form basically for any account that's over XYZ dollars in monthly. Um they get assigned account manager which acts as like a like a VIP CS uh inside your Slack channel inside all that um helps problem solve, helps understand bugs or issues they have. Um so across account activation, account management which is you know focused on keeping uh merchants on someone like you know us on main co or beyond uh any questions any helps and then also rolls out any new products or offerings or um updates that happen across the the platform. Uh and then the fun side on what I was really excited about was account growth. So this is basically how to get people ramped up into the 10k zone which means that they're basically starting to stand alone. management is making sure that we can support them and help them and be there for them and and how can we help them uh across that account growth is around how do you then grow the accounts on platforms. So if you think about it and you join like a Stripe for example, you don't expect if you're doing a million a month and you go on Stripe, you're not expecting Stripe to help you grow to 2 million a month. Like it's just not going to happen. So we're so the the theory and thought here is how do we do that within right? So how do we make it so we can grow them? Uh which is the part that I was actually really excited about. So instead of making my own, you know, Ryan's inner circle or something like all these um other guys do and crush it with it. So there's no hate on that um at all. I was like, what if we did it instead of paying 50K or 100K or whatever a year, what if we did it inside merit-based? So, if you're at 100K a month on and you're and uh you're earning 100K on or over a million a month, uh you have merit-based access to these community, these chats, uh in-person events, live events in there, bring in experts, um plaques, like all this kind of stuff. So, that's where we started. So, I have plaques on the way uh that we're going to do that we're sampling out 1 million, 10 million, 100 million. Um we have group chats that literally just went live today um for 100k and a million a month people. again, you have to be processing on It's kind of like the the exchange here is like how do we get people on platform, staying on platform, excited about it, and growing. Um, so yeah, I'm a believer in it. Uh, I see behind the curtain and on some of the stuff they're working on. It's crazy. Swap's kind of this unknown on like what are they, what are they, but they have some very solid business lines already that beat out a lot of things in the market. So yeah, so doubled down on that and decided to take in there. And then the other growth arm is essentially like a partner network. So you see the the Shopifies or the HubSpots or whatever that have these partner networks. Um and they partners are cool because it's it's another unlock for accounts on platform to grow. So if you're on um XYZ and you're processing a million a month and your bottleneck is sales for example, you can get connected with a partner network that's vetted that's through um you know through this that can help you unlock the sales because a sales agency or you have media buying issue or creative issue or XYZ. Um so yeah, that's kind of the the goal on activation management and growth. Um, and this was my way of being able to not charge still. Um, and you know, still not sell anything, but basically get upside from the back and get from Yeah, you know what I mean? So, that was my plan there. And then same thing, people, people, people and systems. So, first thing on this is just like I need more coverage and we need more experts, need more pros. Um so Gavin in here for example was you know essentially the first one through mass hiring for account management so we can help and support more accounts uh even at lower tanches and current uh and then grow side as well. So like how do we do top tier events? How do we have the top top people go to XYZ experience in person? How do we do stuff in New York that's all over? So yeah, back to my uh spread thin and time management. Um I'm trying to do the best I can here as well as the best I can here um through people and teams. So on the personal side time for me um I need some function of this because I am like bursting at the seams on some days where I'll be sitting here for like 18 hours and like literally with like 16 to 20 meetings like on my account like it's crazy. So I've never performed super well on that for extended amounts of time. Um but I've like taken none of this when you include multiple companies now uh and personal life and other things. So, a big focus is like how can I block out and actually stick to it and like, you know, throw the phone and do that. Um, I put an LOL because we'll check back in a year. Uh, big physical challenge. Um, I've said this for a while. I've done marathon. I've done this. I've done that. But, I think this would allow for the mental space at the same time as accomplishing something. So it would be kind of like two birds one stone situation where if you're training and running or biking or doing whatever um you know one you're just kind of like a forcing function not on your phone and not doing things uh there so you're in your head more you can listen to more you know finally get back on audible and podcasts. I used to live somewhere and I would walk for like five miles a day or run or do whatever every single day because the weather and it was amazing and I would like learn and have all these ideas and do all this and just like barely have my phone and then you know jot them all down after and that has just not happened ever since you know basically in the last year. So I think this would be a good one for me as well. Sun and warmth. I move somewhere that is cold. I don't know if you can hear it but I just get sick and it's just like stay inside and sit here honestly and that's probably not good. I don't know how I'm going to navigate that honestly other than just trips or I need to make a pretty drastic change, but a lot of these require me to be in places uh a lot of the time where I do not get that um for over half the year. So, I need to be able to balance this and figure this out. Um you know, in case you guys didn't notice, is like the opposite of like a Blake Ro uh Blake Broka video. Um I just watched that this morning and he's just he's cracks me up. Like he's just got life dialed in exactly how he wants it and I'm over here just like, you know, I have 18 hours meetings a day. um personal team. I've never had an assistant. Um I've only had team that is essentially leadership through um and then some team here. Um that's kind of [clears throat] like a a various spread. But I'm on the hunt right now for an assistant. I am starting I think with remote just because I'm not sure of my physical location and I don't want to, you know, get someone train, have them all ramped up and then be like bouncing around or like not here or move or something. Um so I'm going to try and start with remote. I think this will be an unlock for me if I can hand over the keys to enough stuff that uh gets in the way uh for me or it just doesn't allow me to like do the best self um content cadence. You guys saw as soon as this all ramped up and I was no longer on a commitment to myself to go every day uh it just drops off. So if it's not in front of me, if I haven't promised it to myself, I haven't promised it to you guys or other uh I just won't do it. So I would like to be on a cadence. Uh, I think these are very helpful. I think even just making these and like writing some of this stuff down like you're going to see everyone's doing these like 2025 and review and they're all like thought out and like flashy and like edited correctly and like proper learnings that they sat down and it took them like 15 hours. Like these are the things I was talking about. These are the things that are on to-do list except you know blurring out some numbers and some you know direct projects and stuff. But like the these are the general ideas. Uh just being able to put this on here and then kind of talk through it has been very helpful for me across those months. Um and it just fell off. So, you know, I basically only go on X. Uh, I think there's a lot of room if I do want to grow this on other socials. Um, LinkedIn, for example, I think could be very very helpful for me. Um, in terms of recruiting and hiring as well as maybe some connections and proper, you know, banking and things like that where it's more traditional. Uh, that would not happen in the same way on X. Like it can still happen there. Um, and then Instagram I just like don't really use yet. Um, but yeah, so I think having some sort of fixed content cadence, but I have to solve for these like first. Um because then I become the person who's able to do a content cadence consistently. And don't do stupid That's where I'm going to leave you guys. But I am the king of finding stupid to do when I do not have things going on. Like if I would have if I could just avoid doing stupid oh my, it would be insane. It would be and like you know it's going to happen, but it it stacks up. So if you just avoid it in my case, I would be multiples ahead in terms of life and uh financially and and and where yeah, I just shouldn't be playing in rings where I I'm not favored uh to win or playing, you know, doing it for the dopamine or doing it for the hit or doing it for the whatever. Uh and I learned this, you know, the hard way a lot of times and it just like hasn't stuck through and that's going to be a core tenant for this year. just like, is this stupid? Are you not, you know, are you not favored to win in this? Uh, is this just because you're bored? Are you just doing this for like a dopamine thing? Like, is that a big focus? So, that's a big one for me is just avoiding the the potholes. So, yeah, hopefully this was uh some function of helpful. Hopefully this helps you kind of think through yours a little bit. Um, I know it wasn't a lot of great detail like I usually do, but I talked for 30 minutes straight and I feel like that's enough. So, yeah, another record year on the top line, but not I mean, I guess technically it probably was on the bottom line, but still not good. It was still It was basically a repeat of last year. Um, which was painful, you know, to be in the same position as last. So, we're going to make some fundamental changes because if you do the same thing, you're going to get the same result. So, we're going to do something different and get a better result hopefully. So, I appreciate you guys. Um, I'm on X whole time, so chat me there. But talk soon.