TITLE: How Josh Snow Hit $100M by 28
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzoravrIkJ4
VIEWS: 18298 | DURATION: 01:23:52
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back and we've
got Josh Snow. Doesn't really need an introduction, but
I followed Josh for years and years and years. We actually went to your
mastermind out in Denver. I think it's probably the first time I met you in
person or when you spoke at Copy Accelerator, actually. I think is the
first time. But yeah, I mean, obviously you've built
amazing things. So, it's great to have you on. You're a little out of the the
niche direct. Like, we have some ecom guys, we have some, but you play all
over the place. you play an affiliate, lead genen, ecom, so we can take this a
lot of ways, but yeah, how would you uh describe where you're currently at in
the online space? >> Oh man, this is my I started when I was
13, 14. Um, and made my first million at 17, so it's
been I'm 32 now, about to be 33, so about almost 20 years of internet
marketing, ecommerce, lead genen. I also built and sold an agency. That's kind of
what helped me get started. Um, and now I own affiliate marketing.com. So, kind
of full circle. Um, and then obviously I'm, you know, most popular I guess for
sharing uh building out snow. We've done hundreds of millions of dollars on uh
Shopify. Uh, we're now in Costco, Nordstrom, etc. And then I sold my last
lead genen company for $70 million that I bootstrapped um in the insurance
space. Um so affiliate marketing lead genen snow also has 5,000 creators that
earn um up to 20% of every sale on Tik Tok shop. So we drive billions of views
for our products through social commerce, social media. Um I'm also in
the um coaching space as well. I have a TV show called goingpublic.com.
It's an exclusive now with X. We used to be with Wall Street Journal and
Entrepreneur Magazine. Uh season 3 just wrapped up with over 100 million
viewers. Um, so that was a lot of fun. We brought on Mike Tyson and some just
awesome um characters and and uh in addition to that and legends and we also
brought on um three entrepreneurs building amazing stuff. So this is my
third full season. Um I'm a host of the show investor and advisor to uh Going
Public. So going.com is completely free to watch now on X. Uh we have an
exclusive and so um yeah I I create content. I I walk the walk. I build the
businesses. I've been in e-commerce as long as I've been in Legion. So, kind of
uh playing in a couple spots all across the board. I've never taken a dollar out
of snow, so I've had to be a little bit busy. Um burning the midnight oil in
terms of building um lead genen operations. Uh I'm also a programmer, so
I built and sold software companies as well, and I advised a lot of software
company owners on nine and up to 10 figure exits. So, between 100 million
and a billion bucks. Um, same with e-commerce. So, kind of in like three
main spots, I would say that I focus on throughout the day. Uh, but I'm very
blessed. I came from nothing. So, for me to be able to play in multiple spots, I
still feel like I'm getting started even 20 years later. uh which kind of keeps
the kid alive in me, the energy, the drive and uh you know it's a it's a
privilege to be able to share on a platform like yours, share on a platform
like a TV show cuz I believe that the American dream anyone anyone anywhere in
the world can access the American dream through the mindset you know we have
YouTube X, Instagram, all these platforms that um have really
revolutionized what we can do and now AI. So, for me, it's just, you know, I'm
so excited to continue working on the project. Snow's about to be 10 years
old. And so, um, that's a business that I burned all the boats, solo founded it,
bootstrapped to $100 million, and kind of the rest was history. And I've done
that a few times, not to the level of snow in the ecom space, but yeah, ecom,
affiliate marketing, lead genen, and then um info, coaching, content, TV,
kind of those three buckets I would say are the um you know, kind of the main
makeup of what I focus on today. >> Yeah. No, it's amazing. I mean, I
followed I have a hilarious story if we want to go way back. I went to Arizona
State for a semester, lived in my dorm for a year at HSI. And I have an email
with you from 201 15 maybe that somebody
>> I was in like some group somewhere and they were like, "Oh, you got to meet
this guy. You got to meet this guy." And like dropped me his email and I sent you
the classic like emails that are, you know, that's like, "Hey, I would love
to, you know, pick the brain, do the cough." Like just the worst email ever.
And you dude, I got to look for you dude. You
said back this like long form like thoughtprovoke and I was like I don't
even know how to respond to this other than like
>> found it. >> Ryan Robert Claw.
>> Here it is. >> Dude, isn't that crazy?
>> Here we go. Can I read it? >> Uhhuh.
>> You cool with that? >> You can read your email, not mine. I
already said how bad mine is. Yours is thought yours is
>> I want to read yours because >> Absolutely not. Yours is still good.
>> Mine is still real and good. >> Well, I'll summarize yours then. I said
already did after meeting with so and so. Um, your work ethic admirable. I'm
currently a business entrepreneurship major. Da da da major for value creation
and business in a whole. Look at that. November 19th, 2014, 12 or 15 11 years
ago, close to you, right? 11 years ago. >> And then I responded um the day after.
Look at me. Being an entrepreneur is exciting, but
becoming a su significantly successful entrepreneur is incredibly difficult on
many levels. Facts. I recommend reading above and beyond ASU. Uh, I've never let
my school interfere with my education. A Mark Twain quote that I threw in there
at you. Currently, I read on average one book per two weeks. True. Uh, with that
being said, action is even more important. True. There's nothing better
than putting words into action. Listen at least two to three times as much as
you talk. And don't listen to everyone. Choose your friends wisely. Who you hang
around will no doubt influence you. Continually push yourself and become
your own biggest competitor. Figure out something you're good at and and can
make money with. This will be a long list in the beginning, but in order to
become better than everyone else, you will have to focus. Another thing, get
out of school as fast as possible. hopefully without a horrible GPA. Every
minute in there cost you a lot of money as an entrepreneur unless you are
creating while attending. I was able to make it without dropping out because I
was able to run a quite large company from my dorm room. With that said, I did
value my time at ASU and Barrett. Um though not even two years went by. I
graduated 20 and came in with almost zero credits. True. Yes, anything is
possible, but the best results are saved for those who work the hardest and the
smartest. Another thing, create value first, then you can focus on saving the
planet. There are already a large amount of nonprofits out there and plenty of
Tom's shoe type models. It's okay to do something unique, and there is no need
to follow the crowd. Going against society is part of becoming a successful
entrepreneur. This means working on weekends while others party uh uh while
your company gets the resources it can to grow. The prize for doing this right
is well worth it. Volunteer and donate as often as possible while creating
value. Never forget where you started. Regarding business, I'm almost done
here. This is this is gold for me because I
>> Good, dude. It's I'm telling you, I reread it the other day when when we
were DMing. I was like, I know it's somewhere.
>> I was I was 22 years old or something. I don't even know how. Yeah, 22, I think,
at this time. This is right before starting snow. This is crazy. So, um I
say here it's okay to make money. Uh and you should lots of it. just create a
massive amount of value in exchange. There's nothing wrong with running
insanely profitable businesses. Just remain ethical and drive value. It's
okay to change. It's part of what makes us human and alive. Just be conscious of
the changes and learn from them. Don't make a mistake twice. Lastly, learn from
your successes, not just your failures. Your success is the only thing worth
learning from since it is what can help you become successful again. But just
because you're successful at one thing doesn't guarantee success at another. It
all comes back to working hard and working smart. Good luck, Ryan.
>> Whoa. Good luck. Whoa. Look at that. November 2014. Dude, I'm so glad you
brought that up because that gives me chills just reading your message, right?
And then reading my message after that. That is absolutely true and really kind
of foreshadowed you know the last 14 or 11 years sorry 11 years of my life and
certainly your life. >> Would you look at that?
>> Yeah. You've been building and that's where I mean a majority of this can go.
This whole conversation is just like you were a builder plain and simple. I mean
you share the stuff you share the funny stuff. You share the in the weeds stuff.
You share the huge stuff. You share the random little small stuff. Like it's
cool to do that. So snow if we just want to start there. I do want to go into
lead genen. I do want to go into these other pieces but snow specific. So like
that was just an idea at that point you had already sold the agency right or you
had already been okay. So >> you decided to hey I'm going to upfront
this thing with 250 or whatever to build this thing out and just go full boore
>> essentially. I mean I was I was building stuff up till then anyway. I've always
been building websites at 13 14 years old. I didn't even know what I was
doing. I didn't know you can make money from it. None of that stuff. I just grew
up poor. Being poor sucks. And I couldn't get a job at 13, 14 years old.
Though we couldn't afford a computer, so we didn't have one at home. So, um, I
used the the school computers and, um, I took whatever class would get me access
to a computer cuz I was always fascinated by computers. And, um, uh,
over time, right, so I built this agency. I started JVing with plastic
surgeons, law firms. Um, one of my best friends, Tommy Melo, we built garaged
doornation.com, which is still around today. Um, I met him when I was um, I
think 18. I just turned 18. I met him. We talked for like 6 hours straight at
um, at a uh, like grill spot or whatever. We just hung out. And so I was
building stuff. I was JVing. I started in e-commerce kind of 16, 17, 18 with
Tommy. We kind of built something from scratch, a brand. And um I was kind of
at a point where I was going into jaw surgery. So I knew I had a habit. It's
not like an accident happened. I just had a lot of jaw pain. So I was going
into jaw surgery and as an entrepreneur does looking at wow a lot of people have
teeth. And I looked at you know the products that were in front of me and
they had artificial colors art. This was you know 10 years ago right now
everyone's like does it have artificial stuff in it? But I was just looking at
it and I'm like, why does my shampoo have more vitamins than my toothpaste
or, you know, why does it not look aesthetically and by this point, you
know, I was making enough money where I could, you know, afford nice stuff. And
my oral care kind of I would hide it underneath the sink if people came over
and said, there's something missing here from the aesthetic standard, but also
from like the formula standard. Shouldn't this be better? man, woman,
child brush every single day, twice a day. You're ingesting this stuff more so
than even your shampoo. It just didn't make sense to me. And of course, it's
always, could I do this better? Shouldn't this be done better? Well,
what am I going to do about it? Now, I felt responsible. So, I went through jaw
surgery. My jaws wired shut for two weeks. Um, I'm sitting there losing my
mind because I like to be moving always. And I said, you know what? I'm going to
kind of do some research into oral care. We obviously didn't have AI or anything.
Just Google, you know, how many people have teeth? 7 billion. Uh, you know, how
big is the space? Well, it's held by two or three large um, you know, companies
that kind of control the space. And I said, you know what? I think that's a
challenge big enough almost every odd stacked against me. And I said, maybe
that's something I could focus on for in this case 10 years. And I would kind of
think of that cuz I was good at building something, couple years, sell it. Build
something, couple years, sell it. I wanted something I could explain in one
word, toothpaste. What do you sell? Toothpaste or teeth whitening or
whatever it was. I wanted a quick one answer. And I wanted an excuse to bring
together worldclass talent that I could work with, learn from, learn with. So I
said, "Okay, if we take on the the big Goliath of oral care, could we even be
halfway right at some point?" So that was kind of the initial thought. And um
I I kind of floated the idea to a couple business partners at the time. I said,
"I want to call it snow and blah blah blah blah blah." And um you know, I I
called up my dentist, my orthodontist, and my oral surgeon, Dr. Broomman, Dr.
Danaluck and I said, "Hey, I'm I want to start something in your space." They
knew I was an entrepreneur at the time. They're like, "Why is a you know, why is
this kid pulling up in a Lambo on Wednesday at 2:00 p.m.?" Um, you know,
so they were asking questions, too, right? And so, uh, we became fast
friends and they said, "Yeah, dude. We'll help you. The only thing you can
really do since you're not a dentist is teeth whiting that we do in the office,
but a lot of the methods are kind of old school. I think there is a place there.
I think you can figure it out. So, I said, "Okay, I'm going to go to work."
And so, um, I set aside $100,000 for inventory, a little bit of research,
kind of building what became the teeth whitening kit, which kind of evolved
into a billion dollar industry now. But that was putting together a formula that
would whiten similar to a professional environment. Nobody loves going to
dentists. We should, but, nobody loves going to dentist. So, if you could do it
at home uh without the pain and sensitivity of other systems and other
methods, maybe there'd be something there because I had super sensitive
teeth and if we could do it without compromising on ingredients, packaging,
etc. So, that was my idea. Nobody wanted to join me. So, I became a solo founder,
bootstrapped the business with a h 100red,000 bucks and I went out, created
the ads, um you know, we put together a little website to kind of get it
started. And it truly it's it sat with me for about a year, year and a half.
And I could not get this earworm out of my head. I I had to do it. It just I was
compelled over and over to do it. Even though nobody wanted to do it with me,
everyone's like, "Sounds dope, but like no one's going to change their
toothpaste." And the more they said that, the more I wanted to do it. And so
I said, "Okay, this means everybody is afraid of doing this. This might be
perfect." And I had slipped in a little bit of um kind of like depression and
anxiety after selling my agency because I went from working 24 hours a day to
not working very much the next, you know, next day after you sell the
company. And so I kind of slipped into this depression. I'm stuck at home in
jaw surgery. Started doing the research and created um what is now the snow
teeth whitening kit, but created the teeth whitening kit, the first version.
Put the ads out and say, "I'm going to spend 100 200 bucks on ads. Let's see if
there's something in there. And of course, I had been studying copywriting.
U Dr. Charaldini was essentially mentoring me at the LA Fitness. He'd
work out every morning at 6:00 a.m. And so he wrote influence and now
persuasion. So I was very lucky, you know, in that aspect, being in the right
place at the right time. My personal trainer was really good friends with um
Dr. Chaldin and his wife. And so I had to wake up really early the while I was
going to to to college taking 22 credits uh semester. I would wake up and I was
so tired, but I knew if I didn't get there by 6, I wouldn't have a chance to
say hi to Dr. Chelini and work out with my trainer. So I'd get out there, do all
of that. And so I wrote the copy, put the ads out, and then within a week
sales started coming in. And then I said, "Well, let me I was at Starbucks
one day and I said, "Let me gas it up a little bit. Let me spend $1,000 today.
Yep. Let me spend $5,000. Yep. And um to date, we spent over hundred million just
on Meta on that one offer. So it it started from that and it kind of we now
have award-winning I'm a patented inventor like all of that over the last
10 years from the very first idea of wanting to do it um to where we are
today with millions and millions of customers. But it it was just me um some
copywriting. Uh back then there was a tool called ad espresso where it would
whip up 60 variations in one click of an ad Facebook and obviously I sold my
agency. I had run tens of millions of dollars of ad spend for my clients and
some of my own stuff but mainly for my clients. So I I had the skill set. I was
paid to learn and um I used those skills to build what became the foundation of
what is now snow. And everyone was like well you're calling it a four-letter
word. You're never going to get the trademark. You're never going to get the
username. Now we're at snow. Four letters everywhere. We have the
trademark and so uh facebook.com snow, Instagram snow. Tik Tok at snow. So
everything is @ snow now. And that was where it initially started. Jaw surgery,
happen stance, me wanting to create something that was nearly impossible and
it truly has been. Even though I haven't taken a dollar off the table, it has
taught me more and built me into the Josh know I am today. Obviously, the
company is valuable now and at some point we may maybe we'll go public.
Maybe we just hold on to it forever. As long as people have teeth, we can sell
them stuff. So, we built um the number one rated uh oral care brand on Trust
Pilot, BBB. Um almost no one returns our products because we've always focused on
efficacy first. We've never used fluoride in any of our products. So, a
lot of these things that from the beginning were initial ideas. Then, we
just started listening to the customers. it became well I can't package all the
the goods myself I need help and I can't do customer support by myself anymore I
need a customer support department so very quickly it became that I think in
the first three four years in business we broke $und00 million and it started
just me in uh you know my bedroom with some product wanted to sell and that was
my dream was to create something that would inspire millions of people to
think bigger get out there I I would say oral care still is that's why we have
very few competitors. It is very very very difficult but um there are thousand
other spaces and I get to invest and play in those spaces but uh snow has
always been my baby and always will be my baby and uh we've been able to create
so many products and just you know innovate the market really kind of
create a trend that became a movement that is now you know become a billion
dollar industry. the teeth whitening kits. Uh, you know, this toothbrush has
red light, purple light, blue light. It kills bacteria while it's wireless
charging. It has a face brush, so in the shower you can brush your teeth, brush
your face. Tongue scraper that vibrates. I mean, it's got, you know, 500 things
in here, right? And so, that was always a goal is to um really disrupt uh oral
care as a direct to consumer uh business. we now are in Costco or
Nordstrom and all this stuff, but uh really was to create a ripple effect and
I think we've done that in the last 10 years. But again, I still feel like
we're just getting started. >> Yeah. No, it's amazing. Like again, back
to what I said at the beginning, like you're just a builder. And I want to go
into that world of like I've watched videos of you that are crazy deep on
copyright, copyrightiting like you just said, and offer creation and then like
economics of certain things and lead genen world of media buying. So, like as
you've grown through this, like obviously it's team and development of
that and like how you're able to lead and and do that, but where is your
honeypot? Like what is your like we before we pop on this, you're like, "Oh,
I just scraped this and this and I see you do screen shares and you have 14
tabs open and you're like downloading softwares and like who cares if I have,
you know, $9,000 a month in subscriptions on trials." Like you just
play with everything and you're in all of it. Like where do you how do you like
zoom out, zoom back in? Like where do you sit on
>> that thing? like like you get it XYZ far and then you pass it off to team. You
have different teams for everything. >> Part of it.
>> That's a big part of it. You can't do it all alone. Although I think with AI, you
don't need as many people nowadays necessarily, right? But when you have
great people, you you hold on to them and you develop them. You develop
together and you grow together. But um I think the honeypot and and the idea
there, I read a book, one of my mentors, Mr. Mort Fleer, uh he sold his company,
his last company for 15 billion here in Arizona. and he's in the REIT business,
real estate investment trust. And um he recommended when I was very young, I was
16 when I met him. And he recommended that I read a book by uh Dr. Maxwell
Maltz called Psychocybernetics. And psychocybernetics is um you probably
have it right there. Yeah, that one is reach,
right? So it's all about the the way I think about it, I'm big on analogies
because it's how I learn. It's how I teach. And so it's like a camera. zoom
in, zoom out. A lot of people, including myself at times, get stuck on that zoom
factor. So, we're either zoomed in too much, so we're micro, or we're too
macro. And so, being able to zoom in and out is part of that honeypot. And then I
have an insatiable hunger and thirst for um incremental knowledge. So, I like
specific knowledge. So, I can't read every book. I can't listen, especially
nowadays, there's a podcast for everything. So, I'm I like to focus on
just in time information. So, if I'm having an issue with hiring someone, I'm
going to hop on LinkedIn, scrape their cell phone number, shoot them a text,
and of course, now I'm Josh Snow, so people respond faster. But back when I
wasn't Josh Snow, I would hound people to get shortcuts to um information that
is specific. And so whether it's through a person, a book, a podcast, now there's
AI, so it's even faster. So some nights I'm up till 3:00 or 4 in the morning, up
at 8 because I'm sitting there on chat GBT doing deep research, then I'm
running Claude ChatgBT, then on my laptop there's they're all running at
once. And so now I can digest information a lot faster. But back in
the day it was YouTube videos, books, and kind of where the honeypot is is I
try to I try to go macro and understand the market just like I did with snow. A
lot of people have teeth. How big's the market? Is it growing? Who are the big
players in there? And then I'll zoom in. For example, um we used to scrape, now
we have an AI tool that does it, but um I would go in and scrape all of the
Amazon reviews um every review I could get on the competition and then put them
together and kind of like either a pie chart or a pivot table and understand
where is the purple ocean. So we know blue ocean is there's no competition.
I've invented some way to get XYZ that no one has ever done. Sometimes that
holds you back from execution because clarity comes through progress. So you
have to be moving. And so for me, I kind of zoom in enough to get excited. Zoom
out a little bit more. And then once I have a really good perspectus of what I
want to go after, then I start to look to recruit people, mentors, advisors,
team members, partners that may see this in a way that I see it. And if they see
it in the way that I see it, I can get them to see it that way and they're
excited about it. They're probably someone that I should keep close to me
as I kind of venture in this direction. And then we move into progress. So,
let's create the product. Let's get samples. Um, what if it's lead gen or
affiliate? Let's build out the brand. Let's build out the landing pages.
What's the deadline? Because I like speed. So, we have 30 days to launch ads
and it needs to be profitable. And we need two people that we're missing. So,
we need to talk to someone that might know those two people that can refer
them. Now there's like mentor pass which I'm on all these platforms too but
mentor pass intro clarity all of these platforms where you can and LinkedIn is
the best where you can shortcut information very quickly by asking
someone in 30 minutes podcasts um so being able to digest has become that
much easier but for me I'm also just intellectually curious so um I'm a big
investor in weed testing and weed testing labs uh because I knew the macro
trend u you know marijuana I believe that at some point America will legalize
it recreationally which means that we do have to keep it safe. So investing in
the labs where you cannot market which is one of my um you know strong pillars
my superpowers it means that I don't have to zoom in as much. I can stay
zoomed out place a bet and go back to what I was doing without it distracting
me because focus is still important like I said in the email. So that's kind of
where I do it. And then I try to diagnose if something's not moving in
three, six, nine months, I have I have to look at opportunity cost. And by that
point, uh even if you have a lot of money into the deal, you either have to
make it work in 30 to 60 days. What does that look like? Or you have to move on.
So um Seth Goden's The Dip and there's a bunch of books around when should you
quit something and move to something else. You're not a quitter. you're
actually a champion because sometimes you have to change the process in order
to get the progress that gets you the results that you started the whole thing
for. And so that can look a lot of different ways. That's why I'm in oral
care, hair care with Kim Kardashian's best friend, Anala, we've got lead
genen, we've got affiliate marketing, we do coaching. So we've got all these
different places where I get to learn also from others. You know, when I'm
when I'm coaching, um, I get to also learn from my students, right? And some
of them are doing 50 million, 5 million, 1 million, 500 million. So that's a
really cool piece of it as well. But the honeypot I would say and and
finalization of this thought is you have to get comfortable with zooming in and
zooming out. You have to find just in time information, specific information,
which is now easier than ever with chat GBT and YouTube and podcast and X.
Otherwise, um, money is made in production, not in consumption. So I
consume enough so that I could become a producer in that space. And if I can't
produce fast enough, I kind of let it go and I move to something else. And I've
learned now that I have many interests. The the next opportunity is right around
the corner always. But luck equals preparedness meets opportunity. So I
stay prepared by constantly feeding my brain. And I treat my brain like a
supercomput. So sometimes the brain gets viruses. You have to clean it out.
Antivirus. And what you put in that computer is very important. The TV shows
and don't get me wrong, I like sloppy reality TV sometimes where my brain
doesn't have to work. It's not like I'm working, you know, all day in this
intense kind of thing. I enjoy what I do. I love the sport of business. And
like an athlete, you do have to treat your body like a temple, your mind like
a temple to make sure that you're feeding that just in time information.
And if you're the CEO or leader of your business, it's important for you to not
necessarily have all the answers. You hire a great team that have better
answers than you a lot of times. That's an amazing um outcome, but you want to
be able to work on the business, work in the business, and it's your business to
see a little bit what's around the business. And so, zoom in, zoom out,
kind of that lateral mental plasticity that I focus on. Um, and it's become
natural now. You practice on it. Anyone can do this. Doesn't matter where you
come from, who you are. If you're a billionaire, doesn't matter. That I
think is the most common trait I've seen even with the billionaires who are my
friends, some are my mentors that um they're kind of similar. They're they're
reading the news at 5:00 a.m. They know everything that's going on in global
politics and they know more than me in those areas. Then you hang out and you
kind of throw it in a basket and we all learn from each other. But yeah, I would
say that's that's kind of the honeypot. You have to figure out figure that out.
You can you can anyone can learn this within a year's time. You do have to,
you know, audit your time. And one of my favorite things to do with students is
let's let's look at where are you spending your time and some sometimes my
students are making 510 $15 million a month in profit and they're like I don't
need to audit my time. I said well let's just do it together. I do it every month
if I can right if not every quarter I'm looking at am I spending too much time
consuming on social media? Am I spending too much time watching TV? Am I you know
you kind of write that down and you create space to have ideally deep work.
Meetings don't lead to deep work. They usually lead to group think which is the
opposite of deep work. So I try to study uh that Cal Newport has a great book
called Deep Work. Uh but you know really getting a space where you can have two
or three hours a day with no interruptions. You can put music on but
no uh voices. I usually listen to Rufus the Soul. Put some Rufus to Soul on me
and chat GBT and a couple articles podcasts. I listen to everything at two
times speed. So, I'm just digesting, digesting, and then I'll kind of just
let your brain kind of take a nap, go to sleep, let your supercomput do what it
does best, and then progress is after that. So, you know, there how many
people have a much higher IQ than me? A lot. But how many of them are producing
necessarily results uh you know, in terms of entrepreneurship? So, the thing
there is always it's not about the smartest person in the world and it's
not just about the hardest working person in the room. It's a little bit of
both. And if you can grasp those two and kind of never give up on that, you can
give up on businesses that don't aren't profitable or things like that. You
never give up on that, I think you eventually um kind of crystallize this
uh muscle of being able to talk about a lot of different things and you seek
being not the smartest person in the room. So I love to not be the smartest
person in the room. I I look for that because for me, I get to learn and I get
to also add value. I'm always looking to add value without asking anything in
return. So you kind of build this ecosystem over time and then you know I
think instinctually is ultimately the answer once you're really good at it.
You know when to strike and you know when to back up
>> and so you kind of figure out how you react to this zoom in zoom out.
>> Yeah I know it makes a lot of sense. the big question like even selfishly for the
progress you have all this stuff I'm I'm with you like enough nicotine and
caffeine and 4 in the morning and chatbt sessions it's like okay cool I have
enough context where I'm like I'm ready to attack on it but then deploying it
through team or finding it or getting it done in that way is like the hold so for
me it's like who do you hire new and then the other question is the focus
right so it's like those two things like one how do you actually progress in it
how do you actually produce in it when let's say it's within the core business.
Let's say it's in within snow and you're in crazy ideation mode or deep research
or whatever you want to call it. You find XYZ and you're like I want to
deploy this. Is it you inserting yourself or is it just inserting
yourself to the team to then hey guys run this and you're checking in on it
and then side thing and we can go to this after because you're like so
thoughtful on these things which are amazing. The next is like the focus of
it and again selfish question of like lead genen always been right here for
example for me and it's like no don't do it don't do it focus on the main
business focus on the main business and grow that bigger versus having multiple
you know in the fire so how do you go about progressing these things through
team when because eventually you have to right
>> oh yeah for sure you can't I mean I can't I'm a builder but I don't build
this product by hand in my garage right so like you have to if whether it's a
physical product um in lead genen and affiliate marketing you're leaning on
other um your buyers essentially your merchants because we don't own a life
insurance company and a Medicare insurance company and an auto insurance
company by the time you build that you have to choose the game you're playing
and I think that helps a lot so the first I'll answer is when it's um in the
main business and you have an idea like I'm deep research you know what we need
to add this to our toothpaste we need to do this if it's something I always look
at the next best affordable. So those are the three kind of um and you can
swap those around, but I always just say next best affordable. Is it next? Well,
we want to have a flying toothbrush that flies to your house with a drone. Is
that next or is that a little too early? Is that the best? It might be the best.
Oh yeah, of course. If people didn't have to We have a toothbrush. You just
brush your teeth once a month and you don't even need to do it. That could be
the best, but is it next? And then ultimately is it affordable? Affordable
to the business. So right now can we afford the distraction? Can we afford
the cash outlay in order for us to attack this? Can we afford hiring team
members to attack this? And so next best affordable inside of the business is
generally how I gauge and judge whether it's something that I should pursue. A
lot of times if it's something that is close to next, it is the best and we can
afford it soon even from a distraction perspective then I will as the leader of
that idea and that thought process bring it to the table but once I have uh in
chat does mockups now and PDFs and all this stuff. So, I'll put together um
kind of a pitch to my team and say, "Guys, I've been thinking about um and
we have every week we have a CEO vision call where me and the executive team
were on there and that's an opportunity for them to hear directly from me. It's
an open safe place where Josh's idea brain can pitch these ideas because
ultimately I need buyin from my my front runners to kind of get the rest of the
team in on it. And so, I'll bring them examples. I've done the research. Um,
and you know, here's why I think it's next, here's why I think it's best, and
here's why I think it's affordable in comparison to what we might be thinking
about otherwise. And then from that point, if the team is nodding or if
they're right away like, hell yes, this makes total sense. Then I'm going to
support them in implementing a plan. What, you know, how soon could we get
this done? Uh, you know, who would we need in order to get this done? Or do we
have everyone we need? what would we need software etc and what's a budget
that makes sense for this? So then you kind of put it to brass tax of how do we
bring this idea to fruition because ultimately it's just a great idea means
nothing without execution. We all know that and so how do we execute on this
but I need buy in from my team if it's an existing company. Otherwise there are
some projects I work on in the middle of the night that are not next but I do
believe they will be best and we can afford them but they're not next at the
moment. And so having that patience in my case 10 years we started with one
product now we have dozens of products one by one and our customers used to ask
when are you coming out with the toothbrush when are you coming out with
this well it's not next and it's not the best next product so kind of combination
we can afford it but it's not the next best and so that judgment layer helps in
the business once I get um buyin from the team then it's my job to jump in
wherever they're stuck um build accountability ility through the buyin
and then um you know if they're running into an issue I can check in. How's it
going? Uh are we behind ahead or right on track? We're right on track. Okay.
Does it make sense to slow it down or speed it up? I think we should keep it
right where it's at. Okay. If you believe we're hitting the deadline, what
could I do to help you? And so as a leader, it's that servant leadership
that ultimately helps. I'm always going to push for speed. I'm always going to
push for excellence and always going to push for more. But having that um I
become sometimes a cheerleader, sometimes I become I'm right in there
with them building. So just depending on the project that helps me identify now
if it's outside of the business scope. So for example, uh cannabis, I wanted to
invest in cannabis. So I go, do I start a dispensary? Do I start a THC infused
drink or gummy or brand that I put into dispensaries? Do I start a payment
processor? Do I start a cannabis friendly bank? So, how do I enter this
space? Because it's stuck in my head. And a lot of times what I'll do is in
that case, I found a lab that was profitable, really like the people, and
I invested a good chunk of change and then some more. So now I can go to sleep
knowing I own whatever 15 20% of that business. And as long as they keep doing
what they're doing, and I help them where I can, I can kind of lay it to
rest a little bit. I'm now in that space. um you know, I can have these
conversations and it lays it to rest. The other trick that I use more often
than investing in the two dozen investments I have is um because I can't
invest in every company, but what I'll do is I'll go and find a stock and I'll
say, "Okay, I really believe that um energy storage plants are going to be
big. Do I go start one?" Well, that might cost 10 20 million to start and I
don't know enough in there. I'd have to recruit a teama d. So then I go on
chatbt now and ask what are the best stocks that I can buy and even putting
$10 a $100 I go to sleep better. I put $100 in the top five stocks in that
space, go to sleep, and now every day when I kind of scroll through my stock
portfolio, I can see the horses in the race. And if something changes, I can um
I'm already I feel like I'm already in that space because shiny object syndrome
will kill an entrepreneur and a dream and a business. So, one of the ways I
found to essentially be an antidote to kryptonite to that is to put 10 bucks on
Robin Hood public, whatever app you're using and say, "Okay, I believe that um
you know, coffee shops are going to be big. Okay, what's coming up? Uh you
black uh black rock coffee bar is going they're filing for an IPO at a billion
dollar valuation. Do I like their coffee? Do I go there? Do I like their
ethos? All right, I'm going to put a hundred bucks in some preipo st uh stock
or a,000 bucks depending on how active I want to be in that. And then eventually
a year from now, two years from now, I at least it forces me because I have
money in that race, even a hundred bucks, you're now in that market
essentially. And so it allows my ADHD brain, but also just that kind of shiny
object syndrome to relax and allow me to focus. Follow the money is the number
one tenant that I always try to keep in my mind. My my mentors have taught me
that at a younger age. I didn't listen for a while. Every time I lose, they
always say, um, don't mess up the base. So, if you have a a job that's paying
you, don't mess up the base. You're just going to have to work on weekends and
nighttime to replace that job. And then once you replace that job, you're going
to have to work on nights and weekends to and especially when you have more
time than money. Once you have more money than time, everyone has the same
24 hours. You have to be that much uh judgmental. And if we look at the
highest paid people in the world, including Warren Buffett or the most
wealthy, they are paid not because of their 8 hour shift. They're paid because
of judgment. And judgment comes from wisdom, which comes from experience.
Yours and other other people's ideally other people's especially the hard
stuff. So um becoming a good judge of where I should place my money, place my
time most importantly and so I think uh if it's inside that's the process where
we go to execution if it makes sense and then if it's external I try to get it
out of my mind. Now if it's something that stays in my mind I go what would
need to be true in order for me to pursue this more aggressively. Should I
uh invest or partner up with someone that can be an operator in that business
so I can find the very best operator? Uh supply a little bit of cash, supply my
brain and my network. And now every week I'm getting a report. I can help where I
need to. That's like the midway. And then the full way is okay. Well, I'm
going to have to sell snow or sell something so that I can go allin on this
because I really believe the stock isn't enough. Investing a little bit isn't
enough. I need to build this out and I believe that's something I want to spend
five to 15 years on. So it can't be just a quick hustle. It has to be five to 15
years and is it worth it? Otherwise your opportunity cost once you're in there is
hard to zoom out as easily. So what if you spent 10 years on the wrong
business? That's scary. shouldn't hurt you from you know taking action but that
is ultimately should be a big fear as your opportunity cost goes up in time is
are you working with the wrong people are you spending time on the wrong
things therefore the pressure of that judgment becomes super important which
means you have to sharpen that really strongly and so at this point in my life
I say no to 99.9% of people things you know opportunities even speaking
engagements we get them all the time and it's like h I got to fly there, I got to
do this, I won't be able to do deep work in the hotel and right now I'm in a
sprint. So, you have to have that gauge otherwise um you will get spread thin
and um you know, nobody makes a billion bucks being spread thin.
>> Yeah. No, 100%. That's you blow my hilarious to me. Um so, I
have to ask you hold up that box, how do you because if you're only going to the
leadership level, right? How much inclusion do you have in the completion
of said project? How how deep do you go down it where you get that box and you
get mock one and you're like, "Wow, I don't like the words on there. Wow, I
don't like the sizing of this and that." And like that's a delicate game, right?
Where it's like all of a sudden you're micromanaging or you're like capping
over. You're that CEO or you're that oper, you know, whatever you are where
it's like how far can you bring something to the end or do you let it
happen on the internal and then my question
>> let it happen. Yeah. sometimes. Yeah, exactly.
>> Sometimes we let it happen, right? If it's um you know, bills got to get paid
or there's accounting or there's certain things that
>> that is not my ultimate forte. And I used to say, oh, I'm not a numbers guy.
You got to become a numbers guy or numbers girl. Um if you are the leader
of your organization, you have to become not world class at everything, but you
have to be damn good at almost everything. And it takes time, but you
don't want to ever be in a position where it's like, "Well, I'm not the
numbers guy. That's so and so. Oh, I'm not the product person. That's so and
so." If you don't obsess over it, it will die at some point. Businesses die
for two reasons. Lack of liquidity, so they they run out of cash, whatever. And
then um uh lack of relevance, so they become irrelevant. So Blockbuster to
Netflix, they didn't run out. Eventually they ran out of cash. One, they follow
each other. It's both. So it's like you either run out of cash and therefore you
lose the relevance because you're just not around or you lose the relevance and
you slowly or quickly run out of cash and then it kind of all goes together.
So for me I can't focus on every single detail but best believe in a company
like Snow um I'm looking at as much as I absolutely can not to necessarily
micromanage. I've got a phenomenal team uh but I'm also working with the direct
reports as well. not on a hourly daily basis every time, but I'm in all the
Slack groups. I'm in every single channel and I do the little catch up on
Slack while I'm laying in bed and there's some TV playing in the
background. I'm seeing even though I don't need to respond to everything, I
am digesting everything that is going on the organization at all times as best as
I can. Wherever I need a little more clarity or support or if I need to push
some urgency in some area, I'm um you know, primed to do so. Otherwise, I
don't know what's going on over there. I don't know what's going on. There's so
many business owners that don't know what's going on. I've been guilty of it,
too. When we got too many things going on, you got to focus on uh the cheese.
You got to focus on what is going to take our business to have either more
liquidity or more relevance. And so, in my company, I lead with uh high
expectation, low pressure is the way that I lead. My executive team leads
with more pressure, with similar expectations, but we try to hire people
that have high expectations of themselves already because it's very
hard to teach an adult to have higher expectations of themselves. Um, you
know, and that's that for me helps a lot. Hiring even less people but better
people is a lot easier for me to manage. And so I am looking at every word, the
colors, we're doing a final review. And the way it works is if it's based off da
uh data and it's statistically significant that makes the decision for
us. If it's going off of opinion then it's going off of my opinion because I
pay the bills. So it's like if we make it so it's easy and safe for people to
be entrepreneurial in the organization but know that at any point I can step in
with them and help them in those scenarios to kind of move to the next
step. And everyone in my organizations feed off of progress. the more they can
get done in a day in various areas, they're all multifaceted. And that's
something I learned from John Paul Deoria, founder of Patron Tequila, and
Paul Mitchell cosmetics hairare is you crossrain your people because if you
ever go into a downturn and you need to get rid of people, you go, "Well, why
don't you do design since you learned how to do that? We still need design. We
don't have to get rid of you. Why don't you do this?" And so triple train is
what I try to aim. Uh my execs and and partners in the business are like 12
trained so they have like access to everything hyper transparent. So we run
off of radical transparency. Um which is a huge tenant of you know principles and
and all of that. um Ray Dalio, but uh ultimately I have to obsess otherwise it
falls behind and I'm upset and ultimately yeah you can blame your
employee or your contractor your agency at the end of the day you started this
thing it's and you're the one upset about the progress etc. You've got to
chime in on almost every area. That's why I think that in order to sell
hundreds and millions of dollars, I mean, I am a little bit of an anomaly,
but I never start too many things at once, right? It's like start snow, get
it to hundred million dollars in sales, start a lead genen, get it to millions
of dollars in profit, sell it, go back in, zoom in, zoom out. And so, I think
you do have to obsess over. If you don't have a good exact team or a good partner
or partners that can help you in those areas, you will um get overtaken by a
competitor because they're going to obsess over the the softness. I mean, we
look at the viscosity of and I had to learn all this stuff, but the viscosity
of our toothpaste. Is it too thick? Is it too thin? The foaminess of our
toothpaste. every single review. I have a daily um email that I check every day
that we see all the reviews of all of our brands and I look at every single
one and if it's a negative review, I screenshot it. We talk about it in
Slack. What can we do better? And so I think you kind of have to be able again
zoom in and then other days we're zooming out and I'm working on a deal
with Costco and and the sales team and like we're but then we zoom in again and
we're looking at a thousand pallets uh and a thousand panones of purple that
are going to go on the package for Costco. And so zoom in zoom out and I
think you have to do that at this scale. Um, you know, even if you have the best
team in the world like I do, I think you do have to be responsible for that as
the leader. And nobody likes a leader that's just like, nah, I don't know
about that. I don't like figure it out, dude. You have to figure it out. You
don't have to be the doer that actually executes every piece of that. But you
need to be able to have a um fluid conversation at that level with every
person, including the janitor. You need to know like what kind of soap are we
using? What kind, you know, the organization? because we know that if
our pallet racking is better organized, our team members will have a better time
doing what they need to do. And everybody is focused on mastery of doing
their job as best as they can. Um, those are those are people that we hire. It's
not let me do the bare minimum just to not get fired. Those people eventually
have a spotlight on them and it's not even me. The team will spotlight them.
So, um, that's kind of the the the the massaging that happens. But I'd love to
say that and I think Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, I think no matter how many
hundreds of billions you have, they're probably equally as obsessed now at that
level, they have essentially like CEOs or general managers of departments that
they can do like a weekly report and very quickly in a couple hours make
those decisions with that GM and the exact team for that department. So, it
does eventually, it's not like you have to be obsessed forever and ever and
ever, but one of my mentors, Bruce Halley, started Discount Tire and uh
richest guy in Arizona before he passed 4.6 billion, owned 100% of the company.
And for 50 years, they obsessed over how to do tire changes and treat the
customer right, tuck in the shirt, free tire air checks. They obsessed over
that. He went to every single location and would scout, talk to all the local
people, go to the diner. And I don't know, maybe that's just how I was raised
and what I've seen. But I think that there's a pattern there that if you're
just kind of I'm going to build, you know, hundred million dollar oral care
company and I'm just going to work on it for two minutes a day and it's just
going to keep soaring. Someone's going to eat your lunch at some point.
>> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. That's uh that's what we're feeling right now uh in ours,
right? is like exactly what you're talking about there. And like where do
you dip in, where do you dip out, where do you not micromanage, where can you
just allow things to maybe take a little bit longer on execution than you could
rip in a night with, you know, your stimulants or what, but like allowing
that to happen through um you said something in there and I've heard it on
I I don't even know where, but somewhere where I consumed your content around the
lead genen piece. So, I've heard you say a couple different things both in the
focus that happened within the business, I think, and please tell me if I'm
quoting wrong because this is paraphrased, but basically along the
lines of you saying that you built out other um verticals within that same
business, so insurance, and then maybe something else along those lines, and
then when you went for exit, they only wanted like the core business. So, you
wasted x amount of time or money or whatever to do that. And then the other
more recent one I've seen you talk about is how you know you got the exit and it
was yes a big win and it feels amazing to do that but also you actually
preferred the cash flow more than you did the actual just like you know number
in a checking account. So, as you navigate that, like that kind of goes
back to the focus thing, that goes back to the judgment decision of win versus
cash flow versus like how do you look at that now? Cuz you're saying the same
thing with snow. It's like this is a forever thing. This is maybe an IPO
thing, this an exit thing. Like there's always a number at some level, but where
are you at with that? Your frame on that?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, every business has
its own kind of playbook essentially. you build that playbook as you're
building it. Um I didn't know exactly of course I always wanted to have a product
in Costco. I love Costco and you know uh Nordstrom is dope and like of course we
want to work with those guys at some point and and and snow and then in the
lead genen side in affiliate marketing um we wanted to add value to the
marketplace. So um and I think one of the reasons we were able to get such a
high multiple on our exit is that we f we sold to a public company or a public
competitor um and we were much smaller than them but they were very excited to
acquire the business and to bring on the team that we had built and the systems
and some of the software but we focus on calls only. So, we did about 1.5 million
calls a year that we sold. And um instead of form fills because I had just
like with Oral Care, I was stubborn in this thought process
of if someone gets a form fill, you now have to go and chase them to get on the
phone. If I could just for a little bit more get you a hot live transfer of a
call. Isn't that better for your organization? You need less people. So
I'm always trying to add value and think of my customer, right? It's really
putting yourself in those shoes and then what that journey starts to evolve as
you chase that um focus of how do I add more value? Let me listen to their pain
points and say, well, how many form fills does it take for you to get, you
know, close deal? 10. How many to get on a call? Three. I go, well, you're paying
$40 a form fill. 40 time three is 120. If you just pay me 120 for the call,
then you don't have to hire extra people to be chasing. Your team members aren't
like sitting on an auto dialer or something. Oh, they hung up on me. It's
not working. It's a hot live transfer that's dialed in. 1.5 million uh million
of them per year that we were able to drive. And we internally generated about
99% of that. So, it was all of our own uh campaigns, 20 person team, including
me and my um co-founder. And we got to build that business out and system out
that we built a product through the calls that every other player wanted.
And the word got out that it's like, hey, there are these guys that um are
able to drive a 100,000 calls in a month to your business. It we we would break
uh call centers. It it was just so many calls coming in. And then you have to
then work with the call center to make sure that they have the right capacity
to um you know inbound all these calls. Are they treating an inbound differently
than an outbound call? Who are on those calls? Let's listen to the recordings
together and optimize. So there's a lot inside there even for a lead genen type
of business or affiliate marketing. Now if you want to just throw up a landing
page, send it to a business like Snow and get 20 30% of every sale, you kind
of don't have to worry about shipping. You don't have to worry about customer
support. You don't have to go that far. But one of the things that I always try
to add into anything I'm working on and when I'm coaching, I think about brand
equity, goodwill, because I've studied probably a 100red or 200 from Harvard
Business Review. A little little tactic I use, hbr.org, you can go and buy case
studies for nine bucks. And so you essentially get a Harvard education
through the case studies at least by um you reading what they're teaching. and
they're a case study driven business school. And I got to, you know, take a
couple classes at Harvard and kind of realize what was going on there. And so
I said, "Okay, I'm going to go back and I'm going to buy every case study that I
think is interesting to me and I'm going to go through them." And I spent a lot
of my life studying mergers and acquisitions. Uh because an entrepreneur
will generally make the most money in their life and life-changing money for
them, their partners, shareholders, investors through an exit of some sort.
And so, um, reversing from the exit, not building to exit necessarily, but
building to build something that is so good that you can exit it, but it's so
good you don't want to exit it. And then you've got a bidding war. And then if
you don't want any of the bids, keep growing it, and then go back to the
river next year. And that's what we did. Me and my partner got to a point and I
was driving on the freeway. He calls me and he says, "Hey, uh, you know, we're
beating forecast during the deal negotiations.
let's ask for some more cash because that's not, you know, that's not fair to
not get the benefit of what we've been doing in the background here that
they're going to get. And they were kind of pushing back. And me and my partner
look at each other, um, you know, or we're talking to each other. He goes,
"Hey, are you cool losing the deal cuz if we push back, the bankers are saying
that they might just pull the deal entirely." And I said, "Dude, you know,
we're making millions of dollars. We love what we're doing. we've
systematized it where we, you know, we could work a couple hours a day to run
this business. Why don't we why don't we, you know, maybe this is the right
deal. And so, you're in a position of options, optionality, and that's
something growing up poor, I didn't have a lot of. And so, it's a privilege to
have options. And so, I try to kind of road map. And I've got big whiteboards
everywhere as I'm at my home office right now, but in my office office, the
HQ, we've got whiteboards everywhere. And so we'll do a brain dump and we we
carve out on the side we call it the parking lot. So anything that is getting
okay guys we're spending five 10 minutes with too much on this let's run the
parking lot and we'll talk tackle it tomorrow or next week. Let's keep going.
So progress I think regardless of what you're working on is important. I do
believe that um you got to be realistic to a certain degree and then you also
have to be insane to a certain degree. So you have to like again I said zoom in
zoom out. And you're like, you know, if we can do
5 million, we should be able to do 10 million. If we do, you know, 10 10
million, we could do x million. And so, um, you have to also take care of
yourself. And that's one thing that I'm a big big um advocate of is whether it's
therapy, yoga, ice, baths, sauna, u you know, fitness, eating healthier,
hydrating, you have to take care of yourself because I've learned that I'm
racing a marathon probably till the day I die and God willing I can live to 100
with all this longevity stuff. So, um, you know, I've got 60 70 years left of
running this marathon. And luckily for me at this point, I've been running this
marathon long enough and successfully enough that it's no longer just about
the money. It's but but keeping in mind that in the sport of business, how do
they keep tracking football? Points. Basketball points. How do we keep track
in business? Profits. So, profits uh allow profits cure all, not sales. Sales
help, but profits cure most problems because even if you're overloaded on
people, you have too many people in your organization or you have too many
softwares, if you made an extra 100,000 day in profit, even though it's not the
principle and the right thing to keep being overloaded and bloated in your
business, it would probably solve that. If you need an extra $50,000 and you
made that today, it solves that problem. Sales on the other hand, not all sales
are treated equally, but all profit is. And so profit is super important. Um, so
I use kind of some of these like principles that I've learned in my life
also by getting kicked in the teeth so many times by doing things the wrong
way. tens of millions of dollars of losses, tens of millions of dollars of u
bad investments of trying to do too much at once and kind of becoming that very
um disciplined entrepreneur that I am today. And still every day I'm working
on it. I'm a student, too. So, I think you have to have the mental plasticity.
Work on that. Be willing to let things go. be willing to build a business
profitable enough that maybe at some point your opportunity cost supersedes
the growth you want to achieve because if you're the leader of the organization
and you start kind of checking out, your team is going to start checking out and
then the market's going to check out on you and then you're going to go, man, I
could have sold that thing for x amount of money and now I'm in here the last 2,
three years rebuilding it. It takes a lot of energy and effort to do that. So
being honest with yourself I think is also a really big thing. One of the
things I teach um you know all of my students and I have even in um all of my
uh videos the TV show I show the compound interest calculator because
when I talk to people even on the street and they recognize me and they're like I
want to make a billion dollars. People think in base 10
100 billion 10 billion. So I sold my last one for 70 million. It wasn't a
100red it wasn't 10. It's not a billion, but at that time it made a lot of sense.
And at the multiple I'm buying time. So if you sell your business for an 8x
multiple on your yearly profit, yeah, you could have grown it, you could have
made more. There's all this stuff, but you just bought eight years of time. So
now the next day you don't have to do anything. And now you have all this
money and you don't have to do anything. And you bought essentially eight years
that you would have been in that business. and you never know where it's
going to go. And so I bought a brokerage a couple years ago called deal flow from
flippa and that allows me to get access into again my digesting the information.
I get to see maybe a hundred businesses a week that uh I see their profit their
team everything. I mean from concrete companies to garage companies to
e-commerce companies to lead genen companies. So I get to learn very fast
and I get to coach through that too. But um I've learned that focus is very very
important. And there was a video of Warren Buffett and um Bill Gates saying
the same thing, focus. Like what's one word that you could be successful with?
And they both on their own said focus. So focus doesn't mean Warren Buffett
reads everything. So it's not like oh if he was focused on one stock he wouldn't
be investing in all these other stocks. He's focused on what is your business?
What is the goal? And I think for a lot of people listening, perhaps their goal
might be to retire their mom. It might be to pay off their parents house, pay
off their own house, pay off student debt, um get out of a job they don't
enjoy as much. Well, you have to kind of eat for a little bit in order to
not eat for the rest of your life. And you have to be very diligent. And so
I teach people, don't let anyone, just anyone manage your money. If you're
smart enough to make it, you're smart enough to keep it, grow it, and invest
it. At least keep it. Put it in a little safe account. Just don't touch it and
just kind of breathe for a little bit because every dollar you spend is
another hour or minute of time you're going to have to spend remaking that.
So, there's like a discipline layer. There's that optimism. There's that push
for more because we are in the sport of business. So it kind of floats in
between there and there's no like set answer for any one person. But I think
if you um I like to understand how people think just like you like the
mental models like how does someone think not just what they think you may
disagree completely with what they think. You may love what they think but
you might want to know how they're thinking about that. And then sometimes
you want to know why because it kind of helps supplement the mental model. But
I'm a big believer in asking questions, uh, asking for help. It took me most of
my life to learn how to ask for help just because I never had it growing up
in this kind of essence. And I was just not trained on how to ask for help. And
once I learned how to ask for help and it's okay, it's a superpower to ask for
help. Specifically, if you know how to ask for help in the best way and who to
ask for help in the best way, the better you get at that,
>> the faster uh you'll you'll grow. And I think the the better your quality of
life will be. And I want to be a father in a few years. I know that working 20
hours a day right now is okay cuz I love what I do, but I'm going to want to be
there with my kids a little bit, which means I'm going to have to compress what
I get done in 12 hours instead of 24 so that I have 6 hours to hang out with my
kids every day. So there's that kind of balance of lifestyle that for me I kind
of gave up years ago of saying when I sell this company for a billion or 100
million 70 million all this stuff then I'm going to get a personal trainer
again or then I'm going to you know go and do this or do therapy or take a
vacation to the Maldes or it's like no can I afford it is it the next best
affordable step for me as an entrepreneur because if you burn out you
are no use to anybody and it's a a little bit harder to do the work at the
end. And I know a lot of billionaires and multihundred millionaires that are
my friends that tell me the exact same thing of I wish I would have started
working on this along the way versus waiting to the end. And then it's a
little bit harder. They figure it out, but it's a I would just seeing it. I've
been through it. It's a little bit harder to do that. So now it doesn't
have to be a trip to the Maldes. It could be a drive to a mountain and hike
it. It can be a working out, um, taking care of your body, taking care of your
sleep, and the younger you are, it doesn't seem like it matters, but it
does. And so, if you can take care of yourself along the way, you're going to
um outlast, you're going to out compete. You're just going to be in a much better
situation as an entrepreneur, a leader, a person, a friend, a husband, a dad.
Everything, every piece of that, every title you hold, um, should be important.
And if it's not important, get rid of the title. I mean, not being a dad, all
this stuff. If you're a dad, lock in. But be a good friend. And maybe there's
there's a year or two where you got to get rid of negative people in your life,
negative stuff. That doesn't mean you're a bad friend. You have to take care of
yourself. They say it in the airplanes. Oxygen put it on yourself first.
Otherwise, it's hard to help other people if you don't know how to help
yourself. >> Yeah. No, 100%. And you just perfectly
parlayed in the lifestyle question because I was going to say you from and
we don't have like a personal real relationship, but like what I see online
at least, right? You have you do both, right? You do a lot of things both in
business, but then you also do a lot of the fun personal stuff and I see you
like go to the concert and you go to this and that and it's been like a big
thing over the last year or two for me like kind of quit doing all the party
stuff and like overall just wasn't very interested like to this day. Not
interested. >> I've done that too by the way.
>> Yeah. Not going to game, not going to this that. Like it just doesn't seem as
fun. It doesn't feel it doesn't feel productive. Um when there's like not all
that stuff included and that stuff was just such a detriment at that time. Like
it just to me you seem like you do a lot of things. You don't take me as the guy
who's like, "Oh no, I has to be at this time and I have to do the ice bath and I
have to do this." It's like you have fun. You do the lifestyle. You go on the
fun trips. Like obviously with people that are also doing well in life, too.
So there's some like added benefits in that part. But
>> yeah, it's cool. I feel like you've you've
>> sometimes I'll grab a group that, you know, maybe they're not doing as well
and I'll say, "Look, I got you. You just need a flight. Get a flight there and
you're in. I want you there. I need you there." And then other times they're
like, you know, I have friends with yachts and friends with jets and lots of
friends with jets and yachts. And so sometimes they invite me and then I'll
invite them to something else. And then sometimes it's just good old fun, a
comedy show. And so I'll sit there with my girlfriend and just look up, you
know, what shows are coming up in the next week. Uh, you know, I love going to
the movie theater. It's a it's a time where I can kind of let my brain rest.
And I like horror films. Not a lot of people do, but you know, I'm kind of in
there. I'm watching it. Lets my brain rest. And it's actually productive
because um when I go and get a massage, it's actually productive. If I can let
myself relax, try to be bored more often. Uh when you're bored, your brain
is actually doing a lot of work. The more you sleep, yeah, get a good eight
hours and I'm not the biggest. I don't get eight hours every night. Sometimes
it's four, sometimes it's six, sometimes it's 10 where I just need, you know, and
sometimes I take a nap once a month, maybe once a week. So, I kind of listen
to my body a lot more nowadays. And like you said, it's not as exciting to go and
pop bottles and do all this stuff every single night. There was a phase in my
life where that was important. But one of the quotes that sticks with me is men
who lack purpose seek entertainment. And so I think it's more important to work
on your purpose because you will be distracted. Gambling, uh, drugs,
alcohol, party lifestyle, those things are um, you can enjoy them in doses.
There's nothing wrong with that, but you enjoy them more. I think when you have
that purpose a little bit more dialed in and you go, "Okay, it's my buddy's
birthday. We're going to dinner. We're going to a show or we're going to a
concert and we know that Saturday night we're not going to be building a
website. We're going to be dancing at a rave." So, it's like you have those kind
of it's intentional and I think you want to get to a point where your life
becomes more intentional and as you make more money and you're able to help those
around you, you want to make sure you're helping yourself first. And it's not
about being selfish. It's about like, you know, the better you take care of
yourself, the longer you're going to last in this game. The more rigor and
more drive you'll be able to apply. The more you sleep, the better your brain
will make decisions. And actually, while you're sleeping, your brain is making
decisions. It's like deep research. >> That's your brain.
>> Got to sleep a little bit. you gotta, you know, and I have a a torn um
meniscus and so I haven't been able to work out and do bo I like to box, ski,
pickle ball, tennis, swim, uh like you name it, I probably like to do it.
Obviously ice hockey is not my forte, but that's where I tore my meniscus. And
so I've been kind of chilling and a little more sedentary where I'm like,
you know what, I'm going to get the surgery. I'm go I'm focusing and
manifesting feeling better fast. I'm going to um you know, if I got to wear a
brace for skiing, I'll wear a brace. That's okay. Yeah, it's a little more
intentional. I got to warm up. Like I never really had to warm up before
really. And so now I'm like, okay, I'm 32 now, which is still young, but maybe
I need to warm up clearly. So, um now I'm a little bit more intentional when
I'm going out or if I'm going to have a night where I'm drinking or you know,
it's kind of working. It's a lifelong process of working on your purpose,
adapting your purpose, feeling good about it. Um, and also being able to say
no, which I'm always working on. Um, because it's like, hey, let's go to this
concert. Let's go to Canada. You can speak on this panel. And there was a
time in my life where I I had a hard time saying no to things that I felt
were either fun or productive for my personal brand or my business. But I
think you have to kind of build a cocoon a little bit. You don't have to be a
recluse, but a little bit of a a layer where you can learn to say no. You can
understand your body a little bit more. I'm a big proponent. A lot of my
students I have go and get a comprehensive blood panel and just see
is your testosterone low? Is your vitamin D levels low? Because I'm not a
doctor, but it's going to be harder to make longstanding progress. We'll get
motivation is easy. I can motivate you. You're going to be jazzed for a day. But
to actually be inspired enough is going to take some effort from the other
party. And so I try to focus on, yeah, let's motivate you to make the changes
that the inspiration and purpose become a part of your day-to-day life. And then
I don't even need to be there for you to have that built in. And everyone's
answer is a little bit different. But I think keying into that. And so lifestyle
is about balance. You've got a I for me if there's a like we just saw Rufus the
Soul in Colorado. That's one of my favorite artists uh bands ever or
whatever performing uh uh bands, right? So like for me I listen to Rufus the
Soul pretty much every day. I've never seen them live and so I said, you know
what? Um who wants to go? I'm just going to buy the tickets and I'm going to
force myself to do it. And I bought him months before the show and then we
realized, oh my gosh, Rufus of Souls next week. Do we have a hotel? Do we
have this? And it it was fun and we were able we had friends in from um Scotland
and they went with us. I'm like what what is the likelihood that you're
staying at my house the week that we're going to Rufus of Soul. They had a
blast. We had a blast. We danced and had fun and yeah, you have a couple beers or
whatever it is or if you don't drink, that's perfect as well. Like there's no
pressure, but taking care of yourself does include being a kid a little bit,
having fun a little bit. You do have to build that in. If it's too much, then
you're gonna you're gonna regret it. And you don't want to live with regret. You
got to either live with pain or regret. I try to avoid regret as much as I can
and have a balance where I'm working 12, 16 hours a day, hard hard work during
the week. And then say, "Okay, this weekend I'm going to the spa and I'm
going to do ice bath. I'm going to do sauna. I might get a massage. I'm going
to kind of just chill." And those are some of my most profitable times because
my brain is doing what it does best and what it's meant to do. If you're just
working all the time, at some point you're going to burn out. So, it's
burnout prevention and mediation. Uh therapy has been some of the best work
I've ever done. I've done years of therapy. And um if you like a therapist,
change a therapist. Uh you know, you don't want to go in person, do it on
Zoom. Start there. We're on you know, uh the Zoom right now essentially. So I
think uh if you look at and what helped me feel good about this is that even
LeBron James some of the best athletes in the world they have a 10 20 person
team. They have a chef nutritionist that supports the chef the do a doctor a
primary care doctor. They have a sports medicine specialist and they all talk to
each other transparently and say Ryan is having a tough week this week. Um I
think we need to modify his diet. I don't think he's getting enough protein
in the morning. um he's a little lethargic in the afternoon and so
eventually when you put together a team and friends you know you keep close
people to you and ideally even your team can recognize it you as the leader and
say Josh don't worry about meetings tomorrow we're going to go ahead and
handle those you just relax you've done a lot this week and that's like a
blessing to be able to accept that help as well so ask for help but also accept
the help so it's a it's a balance but I kind of gave up years ago of just trying
to be >> work you know kind of Gary Vee which a
lot of that is true. Like you got to hustle and you got to build. Like you,
you know, if you're not making a lot of money and you're stuck in a job you
hate. It might be hard for a little bit, but doesn't mean you can't go to the
park and, you know, play some football or kind of shoot some hoops for like 2
hours and hang out for a little bit. Go watch a movie by yourself even. That
doesn't mean that you have to give up all of this stuff to be successful. I
actually think you're way more successful. I've never been as
successful as I am today by mixing lifestyle with
>> Yeah, I see that. >> Yeah, it's amazing. And then Jess, I I
don't know. I know we had a hard stop on here, but if you have a a moment to talk
your info coaching because you said a couple times in here, students students
and so I think I think I mentioned it in the beginning of this, but the initial
one was that uh I met you was at it was in brand builders that time. It was
powerhouse I think the same. Yeah. So you had that and it was like a higher
ticket, mid ticket, whatever. uh info or I'm sorry like mastermind style. Now you
have I think I'm still in the community and the circle and stuff like that. So
like what's your play there? Is that ecom people? Like who's the market for
that? Um just just what's the play because I also see you're doing some
pushes of that right now, right on socials.
>> Yeah, for sure. So I took a little bit of a break between Powerhouse and now
Brand Builders, right? So took a little bit of a break, had a lot of really deep
projects that again, if you're not obsessed over, it's not going to work.
>> Yeah. So coaching does um I love it and it's always going to be a part of my
life, but it's not the easiest thing either, right? You know, sometimes I'm
working with people that are making more money than me and you know, uh having to
work through a lot of that does take effort. That's why when I see Tony
Robbins in person, the guy's up there for 9 hours, he does not take a breath.
And he not only does he not take a breath, Gabriel, he doesn't take uh a
restroom break. He doesn't drink a sip of water. Now, that's just super
natural. And then he goes and heals and you can see it on YouTube of what, you
know, how he does that. But, um, the coaching to me is something that has
always been key to me because I grew up with nothing. I didn't have those
mentors early on. And I've invested millions of dollars in masterminds,
coaches, you know, all of that. I continue to because, like I said, even
LeBron James invests in that. And so, um, being a conduit for someone that
hears something in one of my podcasts or TV show or something that speaks to
them, I wanted to open the door. And of course, we all have the same 24 hours.
So, I can't coach 24/7, but if I can create a safe space for people to think
freely, speak freely, and I do a lot of one-on-one because that's where a lot of
the bigger transformations happen. So, I've opened it up. Um, it's 99% of it is
high ticket because it is one:1. Um, that's kind of where I focus mostly. All
of my 0ero to one is pretty much free. It's on YouTube. It's my TV show. It's
everywhere. 0ero to one is I want to start something. I'm a fresh
entrepreneur. I love that. But the one to one doesn't work as well in those
scenarios for me because I'm on limited time. Yeah.
>> So, I kind of focus on one to two and then two to three. One to two is scale.
Let's double your profits. Let's get you a little more lifestyle mix. Let's take
care of you as the the the founder as well. And let's look at your P&Ls. Let's
look at your team. Let's look at your supply chain. So, we have those. That's
one to two. Two to three is generally preparing the business for an exit, a
big fund raise, going public, some sort of event that requires refinement beyond
the 1:2. And so, I get the pleasure to meet people in the 0 to one and then
work with them one-on-one in the 1:2. And sometimes they come ready for two to
three and I'll work with them on one to one there. So, uh, whether they're in
e-commerce, lead genen, um, you know, I've got a a student right now who's
phenomenal, runs a electrician business, and so local services, it doesn't really
matter because most I'm a business generalist. So, and I've proven that
through my exits and, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars in sales that um,
if you follow the principles, you can kind of start any business for the most
part. If you're not a doctor, you can't do surgery. But like you can work with
surgeons, you can partner with the surgery clinic and you can run the
marketing, the branding. So there's there's I think I've found that with the
thousands of people that I've coached now, I've been able to help uh almost
every single one of them, no matter the situation they're in or the business
that they're in. And so I get a lot of joy out of that. Even though it's not
easy and it does take up time instead of, you know, going on a date with my
girlfriend, I'm spending two or three hours one-on-one, but I have support
around me and they understand that um community, family, and business. If I
can get a third, a third, a third as close as I can in a week, I'm a much
happier, fulfilled person. So I know that I have to keep that door open. So,
opening that door again the last few months. Um, we've been inundated with
people that want access to it. So, now I've opened up a little bit more small
group. We have a couple events coming up next year where we're able to kind of
mastermind together and I get to bring some of my friends that have never
spoken on stage and don't want to. I kind of force them into it so that we
can get um some of those breakthroughs that are built off the curriculum is
built off of who's there. And so, it's just fun. I love being able to teach. I
think teaching something and also I'm learning by the way. So it's selfishly
I'm learning at the same time. Selflessly I get to teach and help
people through these breakthroughs in business and in life and uh and I've
always been an old soul doing this so long. So I get to work with 70 year
olds. I get to work with 21 year olds. And so it's kind of all across the
gamut. And ultimately um teaching I think is the crystallization of learning
something. If you can learn something well enough apply it. I never teach
anything I'm not doing myself. So, if I can apply it, it also gives me a little
bit of revenge on the younger self that didn't have that help necessarily. Not
like I'm mad at it or anything. Uh I've done okay. So, it's like how can I help
someone accelerate where they want to get to? Help them think about where they
really want to get to. There's no judgment or anything like that. So, it's
been um it's been good. You know, I think being able to to build, being able
to help others build, help others achieve what they're looking for in
their life faster because, you know, my brother passed away at 42. I've seen a
lot of friends and, you know, family members that um and not to be morbid
where it's like you don't know when's your last day, but you know, you want to
live every day to your fullest. And if I can help others reach their goals
without compromising themselves, I think that's something that I feel responsible
for in a way. Um I feel responsible to serve in that nature and to be as
transparent as I can be because that's where I think the best teaching happens.
So it's kind of like allin-one. Like I just love it. I'm sure you feel the same
way. It's just >> I don't know. I love doing it. If I
could do more of it, I would. Um, you know, we're going to figure out ways to
do, you know, bigger groups, um, at some point. Small group and one-on-one and
kind of events. Masterminds are kind of where I have the most fun. And
ultimately, I'm not going to do it if I'm not enjoying it. And otherwise, I do
hundreds of podcasts, TV show. I kind of share as much as I can for free in the
open world. But, um, of course, I have to value my time at some point. There's
an opportunity cost to my time. And if I'm going to help someone get there,
it's generally 10 times worth whatever they're paying me almost instantly. And
so, um, I love it. They love it. Um, you know, I've never had an issue in any of
the businesses doing that. So, I think I'll continue to do this for the rest of
my life. Maybe write a book or something, but not for the ego. I'll
write it with no name. It doesn't even matter, but just to share because
there's someone out there that might hear something. And I've heard this
story probably thousands of times, maybe tens of thousands through our DMs of
someone hearing something in a podcast and they were feeling suicidal or they
were really down or they were stuck. So many of these things and I go really
that podcast only has a few thousand views but that one view could improve a
life, save a life, change a life and I do feel responsible for doing that along
the way. >> Yeah, 100%. No, this is fantastic. I
mean, I I just like we talked about before, they started sharing YouTube
videos and the people that come into the comments and in DMs and are implementing
things like the amount of, oh, I implemented this and you know, we
doubled or oh, now we're at 300K in cash collected and it's all profit because
it's organic and like just it's crazy uh when people can deploy these depending
on how ready they are to do it. Um, but this is fantastic. I'm uh planning a
move to Scottsdale, so I'm apartment shopping right now, but I'm going to
make >> Well, let me know if I can help. We know
all the areas and uh I'll be splitting time in November between here and
Nashville. So I'll be >> You like it?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'll be um just south of Nashville. A little bit more uh foresty.
Um kind of mix up the vibe a little bit. Um see what does I'm born and raised
here in in Phoenix, so I've never fully lived somewhere else.
>> Yeah. >> Franklin's a good vibe.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly. I'll be uh just Franklin in Brentwood. I'll be I'll
be in between Nashville and Franklin. >> Yeah. No, it's a it's a great spot. So,
cool, man. Yeah, we'll stay in touch and then Yeah, we got each other's phone
numbers now, so we'll uh we'll go back and forth with some of this info
coaching details. >> Yeah, for sure, brother. I
>> legend. I appreciate it. >> You are as well, man. And I'm very proud
of you and uh you know, I'm it's a pleasure to be on with you and we can do
as many of these as we want and um I'm open to it and I'll be texting you over
the weekend. Enjoy your weekend. Everybody that's um you know, watching
live and Gabriel Nashville is great. Absolutely. Thank you guys for tuning in
and anytime you want me back on, Ryan. And
>> yeah, we'll do some updates. We'll do some updates. Maybe you'll sell.
>> Maybe I'll sell something. >> I'm not going to get over it, dude. I
might have to print that thing out and just put I mean, that's kind of crazy.
But anyway, brother, I appreciate you. Thank you. Have a great weekend. I'll
shoot you a text in a sec. >> All right. Talk soon. Yeah. See you
later, bro.