TITLE: How Using This Secret Financing Tool Can DOUBLE Your Biz
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLQ7zQD-SU0
VIEWS: 1495 | DURATION: 00:39:40
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back Monday morning and we've got Douglas James of leadfi.ai. Douglas, tell the people who you are. >> Ryan, thanks for having me, brother. Yep. >> Been a minute. >> It has actually. I kind of saw I kind of felt like I saw you many times this year, then I stopped seeing you a little bit. >> Real. We had like three events in a row and then all of a sudden it was just dried up. But you didn't stop the event train. >> I can't, man. There's too many people that that need help. So, got to keep going. >> Fair enough. Fair enough. >> Um, yeah, I just got back from a marriage retreat, too, with my wife. That was awesome. That was probably the best event that I've done this year. So, you know, >> interesting. Yeah, I'm getting >> But, uh, yeah, man. So, yeah, Douglas Shames, been in the online marketing space for about 11 years now. I was, uh, 10 years prior active duty in the Navy. Found internet marketing, got out, made a lot of money uh, in local lead generation. That's kind of my bread and butter. uh working with brick-andmortar local businesses, helping them get customers. Um and then kind of turns out that a lot of people want to know how to make money. So, when I was successful in that, I uh I had active duty people coming up to me asking me to to help them uh transition out the military. So, that got me out of that that got me into coaching and consulting. So I scaled that offer up to over 100 million revenue, spent 30 million on ads. And then um in that endeavor, we were, you know, dealing with a lot of people that were opting in saying that they were making money, but they were they were broke when it came down to buying the product or service. So uh I kind of got fed up with that and uh end up creating this technology called LeadFire that you mentioned. And now we know without a certainty what someone's buying power and financial capability is without ever talking to them. So >> yeah. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. So let's zoom out because I I mean I actually don't have a ton of context. This is good. Um cuz I've seen the awards we got on the initial touch point for us to connect was around LeadFi which just everyone knows like at this time we do not use in Mainco. Um but I have a bunch of friends that do and usually the guys who are a little bit higher ticker a high t higher ticket than us um are using it. Like I know one that has an AOV of uh 25ish and they're using you guys and using you for like multiple different facets and then um I've heard there's other people in the space that do like a similar thing but obviously you guys were kind of I think pioneering of it. Um but back to the so like the you've got the you've got all four discs up there too. We only have three. Um but on your 100 mil awards so what is amp so what was the AMP local that was all local local? So like local service home service or >> Yeah. So the way AMP local is struct structured, it's an escorp and it holds you know multiple businesses LLC's. So my agency was in there, local agent agency. Then I also had the coaching consulting company that was in a separate LLC uh that was in there. Um as well as another affiliate marketing business as well. Um so you know per the eyes of ClickFunnels you know all of that traffic you know ran through ClickFunnels and it qualified me for that award, right? So that's kind of how that works. >> Yeah. Ours was one I mean we had one main offering for a while that we were doing that we did 10 or 20 or so and then we moved to the other offerings. So technically it's only been two offers but you know they say a funnel but it's like the business. A lot of people are offer until they turn into a business. So it kind of looks for itself but okay. And then yeah you had that and then did you I mean did you close that down do the software or there was you had a big financing background at some level right? So like you were in that world and that's how that came into >> Yeah. So, where the I don't have a finance degree by traditional means at all. Um, it literally just came from being in business and really wanting to understand how money works and how finances work, right? Like, if you're going to be in business, you got to know where money is coming and going, right? If you're going to survive. Um, and unfortunately, actually, uh, in a lot of ways, I learned that somewhat the hard way. But um I I really got a deeper understanding actually of of the financial side because in our coaching consulting company, you know, we were selling packages from 5K up to 55K, right? So um not everyone obviously could afford those packages. And uh I tell a lot of my, you know, clients now that we consult, if you're not using financing or funding options in your sales process, you're you're likely leaving half of your revenue on the table, right? um if you're just going for cash piff, you know, whether that be a debit card or credit card, um you're probably leaving half of your revenue on the table. So, what we did in the coaching consulting business is um we actually created a whole other division that was around funding altogether. And we if people weren't uh you know immediately financially fit to whip out their card for five or 10 or 25 50k, we would basically put them in this alternate program that taught them about their credit, how to how to read their credit score, how to get their credit report, um and then taught them about different lenders and options that they could use to go raise the capital to then make an investment into themselves or you know the use it to buy the product or service that we're selling. So we about 40% of our revenue actually came from that business alone. Um just because we were able to, you know, help people go find them the money, but then they were also able to fund things in their life like buy a new car, new house, uh you know, buy the wedding ring to go propose to their wife. There was like a lot of cool stories that came came out of that. So that's kind of the background and and why we got into that space. Yeah, financing is such an interesting I'm so interested to hear your view on like what is the best now because most people listen to this is info coaching. So it's most people are going to be selling something high ticket over the phone zoom whatever >> the big names now I mean there was everyone was on a firm for a little bit now almost no one's on a firm um a lot of people now are fully on and their direct integrations is going to be >> for the sub 2ks they have the uh whatever it is the afterpay is the szles and then the higher ones are just going to be CLA and split it which is obviously like completely different right one is the loan style one is that but like external to that you've got elective you've got PAVA you've got all of these and they all have different structures and flows and holds verse not and like recourse versus not. I mean what do you know or what do you guys do you recommend through with your platform at all or like what's your view on the space right now for that? >> Yeah. Yeah, it's an interesting topic. Yeah. Um I mean yeah you're right. I mean a firm reported like their worst quarter ever. It was like it was 80% coming from the coaching industry. So um >> I didn't know that. That's rough. >> Yeah, that is rough. Uh but here's the thing. Um, you know, the beautiful thing about LeadFi, and you know, shameful plug here, but we're getting we're getting a credit report, a soft through soft credit pull. So, we know someone's credit score, how much their income is, their debt to income ratio, their available credit limits, um, their assets even look, you know, IRA, stocks, bonds, CDs, uh, 401k. Um, so we actually get that data through a process called pre-screening. So what what happens is our verification technology when you put the name, email, phone, the verification technology finds who that individual is without a shadow of a doubt, collects their address, date of birth, kind of like the sensitive stuff, sensitive data you need to do the soft credit pull. But when we get the soft credit pull, >> because we're doing it for pre-screening, which is what banks do to send us pre-approved credit cards in the mail without you consenting or applying for them, like they just kind of send it to, hey, you're approved for 25K, right? Um that's what we're doing. So, we get the credit report and we underwrite how much their uh the consumer is approved for in 0% interest business funding, right? And that's going to be coming through credit cards. So, now that we know that and we could get people up to 100 grand or more in 0% interest, how many offers have you seen, hey, get 0% interest, right? You typically need to have like a 700 plus credit score. So to me that's pro that might be like one of the first places to start because on a credit card whenever somebody buys your high ticket or whatever you sell they pay on a credit card let's say you're selling a 10k product how much of that 10k do you collect 10k right you get 100% of the ticket minus the merchant process fees which could be rotation >> yeah which is touchy for some people 3 to 5% some people are paying 7% which is insane I've seen that but you get on you know there's no other fees in that. Now, when you start talking about cla firm, all these things, they're all great funding options. And my whole stance is you never want to rely on one option, right? You never just want to rely on on a firm or CLA or any of these or or PA. So what we did at LeadFi is we give you this credit and financial information and we created a road map to basically help you place that customer consumer on a path to payment with the lowest fees. So you start at the top and you work all the way down. So if they qualified for that 0% interest, go get them the 0% interest, get the credit card, and then charge them you make 100%. If that don't work, they get declined for that. Then we work down to maybe like a PA for example where they're you're going to get 95% of the ticket. I believe their fee is only 5% maybe change >> but roughly. Yeah. >> It's pretty it's it's in my opinion it's the lowest option out there because if they decline for that your next option could be like a or uh like a fan basis. I know there's like multiple of these guys that are doing similar stuff, but on their platforms they have, you know, CLA, a firm, split it, Afterpay, all those things. Sizzle, you go through there, but then your fee structure is like 6% to 15%. So, you see why we don't want to go straight there >> because we're going to be paying a lot more, >> right? And then after that, there's the you brought up elective, right? So, at that point, maybe you go to elective, their fees is 15%. So, they might be the last one that I go to on a salesqualified lead that's qualified for financing or funding. And then anything below that, we're talking about subprime below 600 credit scores, their debt to income ratio is above 50%. Right? So, it's going to be hard to get them approved for anything. So, there are lenders in the space that will actually approve those people. Yeah. >> Right. If you're in the medical field and you do dental or Cairo, there's a company called Cherry. They're they're they lend to people that have subprime credit. There's ones in our space, their special financing or a company like Call Ease, which I think I've incorporated the special financing or I'm not sure what their recent structure is, but they'll approve uh just about anyone, literally anyone, sub 600 scores. And I think at best, if you're working down the uh waterfall at that point, at best you're going to get half your ticket price. So on a 10K you're getting 5K, and at worst you're getting 30%. And so on a 10K you're getting like 3K. So >> So you can as long as the consumer can afford the payment of $100 to $200 a month, sure you can get them approved. But if they can't if they can't qualify for that, what we recommend is just have a continuity program, a low ticket, $99 a month, a $47 product, something to collect because if you're spending a dollar on ads, you're trying to make at least two to five or more dollars back. your low ticket should make up somewhere between 30 to even 40% of your revenue if you're selling it the right way because that's literally 70 to 80% of your traffic, you know? So, I know >> you in your business or people at home, they're like, "Yeah, that's right. That's literally like 80% of our traffic. If you're not collecting money from those people, you're leaving a cash cow on the table. They really should make almost half of your revenue. You just got to sell them the right way." >> Yeah. No, it makes a lot of sense. Yeah. The fee structures are all over the board right now. Like even the fallback on the bottom of the waterfall right now, I just heard PA has a um an anyone can be approved option. Basically, it's a fallback if they're under XYZ if they hit create criteria, but your pay uh method is flipped. >> So, you just collect the cash like basically monthly when they collect the cash minus the fee. So, it's like >> I it's more of like a UI fallback because it's like you just run through there and then worst case is they then do that and then you're just collecting monthly because you don't offer a monthly. They don't think it's a monthly, but it's like in this way it's like, you know, I'm kind of back and forth. But yeah, right now we we were all eggs in basket on a firm when we did that setup. We had a direct deal, we had private, we had all that kind of stuff. Um, and just in the end, like one the financing terms like if you do an annual program, there's like issues with that on renewals because people try and do longer terms. So we like restricted. So it was identical this whole thing. But yeah, very interesting. So what do you get directly back? cuz like we sent and you and I have talked about this, but like different niches in different industries, whatever you want to call it, uh have different ways to ask certain questions. And for us, like we'll ask stuff that's like what have you invested in yourself in the past, not like what's your income, what's your goal, what's your whatever. We don't get that same financial qualifier. Um so we sent a bunch of data to you guys. You sent it back and a bunch of people that were in this bucket were extremely qualified that would we would have assumed are DQed. And then there's a bunch of people in the qualified bucket that are not even close to qualified. So like there was definitely discrepancy in data for like the subjective essentially way that we're trying to do qualification. Um so what comes back? You sent me that sheet and I just don't know off the top but like >> you send name, email, phone. A lot of people don't get that on OP. They only get that on application, let's just say. Uh what comes back? >> Yeah. Yeah. So like you said uh it's name email phone whether that is a uh lead lead magnet webinar registration application or a book a call even a DM to in Instagram you're getting name email phone at some point that's all the data we need cuz their verification technology is going to do all the heavy lifting to do the soft pull we're going to go get the address date of birth all the things do the soft pull with experience transunquax and then deliver that data so what we deliver uh the core data set that we deliver as A is credit score based off Vantage 4 scoring. I a Vantage 4 report which I should clarify because there's a difference between Vantage 4 and FICO 8, right? FICO8 a lot of people log into their American Express or their Discover card and it has their FICO 8 card uh score and they think that's their credit score. That is their credit score but per FICO8. That's a useful report if you're doing underwriting maybe for auto or or mortgage, right? not necessarily consumer financing. So, when we're talking about being in the coaching or infoarketing space, um we're dealing with consumer financing, right? Where people are going to pay back, they buy a $10,000 thing and they're paying $300 a month for two years or whatever the the deal is, right? So, um the Vantage 4 is going to be more widely useful score to use in this type of scenario, right? So, we deliver the Vantage 4 credit score. Uh important distinction. That's why I spent a little time on on distinguishing that. And then you get the available credit. So that's how much money they can spend right now on their credit cards that are in their wallet. You get their um annual income and their debt to income ratio. And then the last data sets that funding pre-approval, which I mentioned earlier, which is for 0% interest. So the DTI, we also passed their address and and age, you know, as a courtesy because it's a part of the data set. >> Yeah. >> And then the uh and then the secondary data >> available to us honestly, but yeah. >> Yeah. the the other the other data set that is optional upgrade which um you know all their investable and uh investable and retirement assets 401k IRA stocks bonds CDs kind of like all that we can deliver that too and um that's data is really useful if you you know have a fund right or you're trying to figure out someone's net worth like I just literally right before you I just got off a call with one of the biggest lead providers in the uh insurance space and they were like we need to know assets that's all we care about. We could care less about credit, right? Um, so it depends on your business. What's more important to you? Which which data set? Um, now the debt to income ratio is to me one of the most important data points. Like people always like to look at credit score or income, but when you're talking about consumer financing, that DTI is what the banks want to know, right? Does this person have income to pay back the loan, the money that we're going to give them? Is there actual positive income or cash flow? The second thing is how much of that is being utilized in debt right now? How much open lines of credit do they have versus that that income? So if your DTI is above 50%. It's going to be hard for you to get approved, right? But if it's below 50% that means there's availability for you to get approved. And there camera dies. >> You're good. I can still hear you and it'll record. So click that and clip that. Okay. So DTI. >> Yeah. So DTI. Um and it'll flip on back here in a second. But >> you're good. Yeah, >> the DTI is is one of the biggest most important, you know, indicators that you really need to look at when it comes to uh consumer financing because it's going to tell you exactly how much uh income this person has and if can they actually pay it off. So, um I don't I look at credit score and if the DTI is good and the income is good, then generally you should have a decent credit score. But if you're just looking at credit score, it doesn't really paint like the full picture, right? So that's why encompassing it's it's important to have all those all those data points. >> So do you have like a score that already comes out of there that is like a blended metric or whatever that's they could qualify for XYZ amount or something or they're in tier 2 cuz like the business or what you do with the data is then you use it to inform the sales rep. You use it to rank the leads. You use it to pass back to Facebook or whatever ad platform quality verse not. But like when it comes to the actual like what is that link for example that you said it's the 0% something like it's pre-approved link for some card or >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a 0% interest uh pre-approved or 0% interest uh funding. So that's going to be for credit cards and we actually have a company that fulfills all those deals for our our clients at at LeadFi. So if they if we work with you know X info business and they're generating you know 100 applications a month for people that want to buy their high ticket our they put them in touch with our funding company and then they help them go raise the capital via the credit cards on the pre-approval. Um that's a two call though, right? So like you get this link that generates in you pop it into your CRM. You're not like live on a sales call popping that link open getting them 0% checking them out. >> Correct. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. You're not doing that or you are doing that. >> Um, no. That that's actually already approved. They're already pre-approved and they book a call with the uh with the funding team. >> Ah, so it's a two call. So it's a two call. Yeah. They're ready and then you're on the call with them like, "Okay, cool. Let me book you in this thing with XYZ." Cuz right now, yeah, cuz like just for our flow, like I wasn't super, you know, aware necessarily of like their current stack and then we were going through this new rework and I was like, "All right, what does it look like?" So they will do 0% cards. Um, and then we have the increase for financing. So they'll do they'll do that as a waterfall. They'll do cards, they'll go with an MX, they'll go with a Discover, they'll go with a like a Wells Fargo discover or XYZ. And they have like two of those they try. Then it goes to now it's the CLA, the split it XYZ, which is extremely low percentage. When we were doing a firm it was like >> 30%, 50% like potentially of the total monthly rev or units both. And now it's like sub 10. >> It's like so low. And it's like it's adoption from the sales team and understanding and using it in the sales process and all that more than anything. It's not the actual like tools and what's in the waterfall. It's just kind of like now that we've made a change because it was so easy for them. It was either like piff or like pop on a firm and get your thing and like we're good. Now it's like this or this or this or this down the flow. >> Yeah. >> It's a behavior thing, but okay. So they book a two call or they you know sell them and then they're like, "Hey, let's get you approved. Let's book you in this other thing in two days >> and get your card." >> Yeah. And the the other thing that we like to do too is we actually deliver lead um uh lead scoring. So we have a proprietary lead scoring that we've incorporated and it really just helps our clients identify uh you know who who's the most prioritized lead they should go after versus the least prioritized. So we segmented off of NQL and SQL. So NQL non-qualified you know SQL salesqualified lead. And then within the sales qualified realm there's four tiers. Um, tier zero is someone that makes 100K or more in income with a DTI of 50 or less. That's going to be your prime. Go get them on a firm or cler or or fan bases or whatever. Whatever your poison is with regards to that, they're going to get approved. The amount is just going to vary. Um, your tier 1 through three, this is verified available credit right now in their wallet or and or pre-approved amount. So tier one is 10 to 30K. Tier 2 is 30 to 50K. Tier three is 50K plus which obviously tier three is going to be your uh your highest quality and then I mean to your and then from there you can actually you know segment in your funnel. So you know at LeadFi we don't just deliver the data it's it's a SAS it's software as a service. So whenever we work with a client um they get the data which is great but then we help them integrate it into their funnel their sales and their marketing. So when somebody opts in, let's say you only want people booking a call that meet a certain tier or parameter and they click to book a call, they'll be allowed to book a call. But if they don't meet that parameter, you can actually redirect them to low ticket or a webinar or a setter that's handling those lower qualified leads and then you could feed the data back to Meta and Google to supercharge your targeting um as well. So that's some unique things that you can do with the data. Yeah, we've talked to you about that because we don't get phone number on OPT and we get it on application and then like if we could like instant redirect and it would take whatever one or two seconds to get the data in and out and then back. But like we do that just with our subjective info. So, like we'll route to DQ, we'll route to low ticket. Like we allow all bookings until it's almost full and then we send them to low ticket just because like again our ours is so subjective. Like the DQ ones still close, but we know you know conversion rates and on this but like not to the accuracy of a credit report. Like it's it's super interesting to me and I still there's still some way or place that we'll end up using it. I already know it that we'll figure out a way. Um but I could 100% see how it makes sense for the big guys and it works for them. >> Yeah. >> Very very well. the big guys I know that only allow calls that are people that have over the 100k mark that only allow calls that are XYZ. So yeah, >> interesting. So like let's talk about the actual business model of LeadFi. So you launched this thing, you already had the understanding kind of the relationships >> and then what you had to build a dev team and then you had to build and then you you're the marketer and sales. >> Yeah. Uh yeah, generally I mean um you know it started with me wanting certainty on every lead, right? So um I started with I basically just merged my dev team from my my current businesses. I just brought them over we you know and contracted them into a new entity basically. Um and then uh yeah I mean I ran point on sales and I I am promoting the business. I'm I am the face of the brand. Leads is his own thing but Douglas James is a trademarked brand that has a reputation and you know and kind of like all the things online right. So, um, uh, and it's been, honestly, it's been the easiest thing to sell because, uh, you know, if anything I said in the last 20 minutes is interesting, you're probably like, "Wow, this is super cool." But think about it. I've been in the space for 10 11 years. I've ran I've even ran my own ad agency, YouTube ad agency back in 2017 to 2020 and for the some of the biggest names you probably follow on on Instagram and I've just traveled to network and spoke and podcast throughout the year. So me, you know, just mentioning basically to my friends or to the community that that follow me what this is, it's been kind of like a a no-brainer since. And we haven't spent a dollar on ads, which is interesting because I am a paid ads guy. That's my world. I spent over 30 million on ads. So, uh, this is the first time where I've actually grown something organically doing the numbers we're doing and and I haven't spent a dollar on ads. just now starting to turn on like retargeting ads just to kind of re-engage website visitors, >> but it it hasn't been like necessary, you know? And it's funny, I was uh when I was at the peak of my uh coaching company, we were like the number one affiliate for GoHigh Level for many months straight. And they had me, they invited me to speak uh at GoHigh Level at the summit around affiliate marketing. And I'm like, dude, I don't know anything about affiliate marketing because the the reason why we were the number one affiliate is because I just sold the package that I was selling. All the assets that we gave our clients were just in go high level. So, it was just so easy to say, "Here's a snapshot of everything in your business in the box, so to speak." >> And and that's how we did it. I wasn't running ads or making content about go high level at all. I created a product and value around my skill set methodology and it just happened to be on GHL. So that's like, you know, so part of my talk when I did that I was like build something of value on GHL and don't promote GHL, you know, necessarily directly. >> Yeah. No, I mean that though GHL is an insane model. I mean we don't use them for anything. I've used them on like a side quest thing that I helped somebody out build because they basically needed that. they needed to sell to people that were coming in their info coaching thing like how to run the model for themselves as agents. Um, so we built it in there, but I would like I don't know. I've never built in there, but their model is insane. >> Oh, yeah. >> Like they're it's insane. And now all the beef that's happening, but like >> Yeah. And you guys plug in with them. You plug in with a couple other tools, right? So you like auto cuz you can sit essentially on top of a CRM or inside or on top whatever of a CRM where once someone hits XYZ action or has XYZ fields you can just populate inside there right >> yeah so we can actually um directly integrate into any CRM so go high level is definitely I would say the number one CRM we integrate with because it's just so popular but I mean we've done HubSpot Salesforce Keep Zoho Pipe Drive flows like you know everything Zapier make. So I mean the way the integration works it's it's pretty simple. It's we can either do um web hook via GHL or Zapier or make um but more of a faster secure connection obviously is the direct API. So we use fast API for that. But they're they're all they're all great. So >> all just run the same gambit. Yeah. Yeah. We've done it. I could see it working quite well for us. I'm trying to think right now like selfishly I'm thinking like okay is it just for XYZ booking or is it for app and then if we'd actually do apps then it would have to do routing and like how we do that but interesting the other uh you're like chief connector like you just said you travel all the time and you're at all these things and you got us at that dinner when we were in Vegas like that was the first time we went on anything that was digital marketing related that went on to that to whatever that was gh or uh funnel hacking live like the last one in Vegas and you guys at that dinner and we met a bunch of those guys and the bowkis and the you know Dan and all of those guys that were there. Um, do you know everyone the Eddie, right? Like Eddie, you're constantly running around. So, like you have affiliate partnerships that are badass for traffic. You have you said I mean I see your screenshots all the time or your stories of your calendar and you're just back to back to back. So, like >> you talk selling this, you talk growing it up and to the right like you know exponentially. What are you what are you trying to do in this world of this trying to sell it? What's what's funny is last time I saw you and uh I was like we need 500 clients to exit 400 mil which uh we're actually like just over halfway there believe it or not dude it's we've had significant growth since you and I met. So >> that was like what four months ago? >> Yeah it was 4 months ago. So um our biggest growth have happened in the last 90 days. So and it's trending to speed up from there which is crazy. So now since our conversation, yes, the first milestone is that 100 mil valuation, but dude, now we're we're talking about building legacy here, some very long term. >> Yeah, that's a um >> Yeah, cuz you you're friends with >> based on our conversation, you're friends with guys that exit these type of businesses or, you know, AI businesses, software type businesses. And it's not some pipe dream. Like when we talk about it, it's some pipe dream, right? Info coaching doesn't sell. It's like the number one thing. No, everyone knows they're cash flow businesses. And there's been like three that I've heard of that have sold for sizable numbers. Um, and even then they like hit exit velocity out of info coaching. So you're directly software, right? Um, but like what is >> that world look like? Like are you taking it to a thousand plus? Does it once competition comes into the world? Cuz that's the other thing that I want to talk to you about. Like there are I've heard of another one specific. Someone said some other name I've never heard of, but like people like oh yeah that credit thing and it's yours or it's this other one. like are there big differences like other players in the space that you know of that are doing something similar? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, um I'll address your your your first question which is um which was what it was around uh where you're >> like your network in the space and like what these go for. You have buddies that sell these softwares. You're building this specifically for that. >> Yeah. So, I I'll tell you this. Um, we're now we work with a lot of, you know, businesses one-on-one, a lot of coaches, consultants, info product owners, and we partner with a lot of marketing sales agencies as well. Um, we are getting into this insurance, mortgage, real estate space, which is really fun as well. But, um, up until around now, we've worked with all of these businesses individually, one-on-one, and created an integration with them and had the data go live within their CRM. Um, however, we're in negotiations with some of the biggest uh uh funding or finance platforms that you guys probably use. I won't I won't mention any specifically, but um it's it's just going to take one of these dominoes to fall for us to really switch our focus. And I'm kind of already making the switch now because I've already seen what's possible. I mean, we could go we could 10x our valuation almost overnight with some of these relationships. >> Yeah. So when we talk about going for a nine figure valuation to like why not a 10 why not an 11 figure right that can actually become way more of a possibility if one two or three of these big 800 lb gorillas fall over which were actually really >> like as this week you know about to about to get something done basically. So, um, so, so yeah, so we're we're, you know, as of right now, we we'll certainly work with individuals one-on-one, but there might come a time where like you can't license lead directly. You have to maybe go through an approved uh licensed provider, you know? >> Yeah. And you just become the infrastructure. Yeah. >> Yeah. And exactly. And and then to answer your um your other question there about um other data providers, I mean, first of all, data data services isn't new. This is just the first time you can actually get soft credit pull information with limited information just like name, email, phone. Yeah. >> So, um kind of the story of of that specific technology cuz that that verification technology is very unique. You know, we're not scraping age data, you know, anonymous web uh visitors and scraping their information per their IP address, providing you ranges or anything like that. There's a lot of uh services out there that that will give you a range like their credit score is 700 to 780 or their income is 50K to 100K. It's like if I want to know somebody's real-time buying power or what we can actually get them right now via credit or what their liquid assets are right now, I'm going to need to do a soft poll real time right now. And that's what we're able to do. Now I'll tell you that uh my partner Eric I kind of mentioned him a little bit earlier but when I found him he was uh you know in the finance world for you know about 15 years and um he was developing uh early stages developing technology. I came in with the marketing and high ticket space and developed the use cases and we we partnered and I you know created LeadFi. So I basically have an exclusive license and integration um you know with him to basically uh handle uh the marketing coaching uh industry. His focus we're partners but his focus is more so in the mortgage side and um we do have uh there are other you know uh providers out there that have um an integration. Um however we have like a unique uh rights basically to the industry and basically can provide the lowest uh cost you know through our integration because of that direct collaboration and partnership that we have. >> Yeah. >> Um so that's kind of like the story of of kind of the lay of the land with with regards to that. >> Yeah. It would be super cool like as we're starting to build these out. I'm finding like the ease for the sales rep, the ease for that piece. And that's why I was asking about that link cuz like we're now generating we're using whatever you know going back and forth API to generate a payment link that's fully formulated with you know whatever data we can which on our side is like company specific and then like client specific. So we'll pass in what their sales rep ID is or like what the XYZ and then also their email name that kind of stuff. >> Um >> but it would be really nice if that was connected to based on their qualification. So nice if you had like you're saying like those direct integrations where I'm just going to use PA because it's a simple example. Um but like PA was pre-filled or one of or like even one of these credit cards like a credit card listing of having three different credit cards that they're auto approved for because you know based on XYZ soft pull that you can just click on this link and it's like they get the card and it's a virtual card and they can check out on the phone. Like that kind of stuff is just removes the friction >> and that would be so cool. Um, that would be so that would be so nice just inside the HubSpot deal. It's like one click, cool. And it's like, oh yeah, you're also pre-approved for these three things >> and we can get you financing >> that. I mean, so to be transparent, I mean, that's our goal at this point. This data is so useful and so powerful in this industry. We want to make it available in your favorite platforms that you already use, right? And that's that's how it was designed initially, but we're integrating into the CRM side, you know, the management of the lead side. So now we want to get into the well where's the actual transaction happening? Um if we if and when we get into those platforms um that's when I think it's going to provide the peak value for in our industry. >> Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah. Well, I've had some big names reach out and want to connect with you and talk to you about the business model side about either using it and or getting involved on the business slash, you know, marketing making it known, you know, space. you're definitely coming up as one of the premier info coaching infrastructure pieces. So, especially for the guys that start to do size because it doesn't really make that as much sense necessarily when you're lower uh lower volume at least. Um but the any of these guys that are doing 100k, 250k, 500k plus a month, like your name's popping around. So, this is uh it's extremely helpful. >> I appreciate that. >> Yeah. Well, cool. What other events you going to? Anything else fun this year? >> Um let's see. >> What is it? back from a marriage retreat. Was in Miami for a week prior. Uh I actually Oh shoot, dude. Tomorrow, tomorrow I'm going to LA for two days. I got two speaking engagements. Um so, so I'll do the LA thing. And I there's actually quite a number of events happening in San Diego where I'm located for the remainder of the year. I think there's like three or four. >> So I'll probably be attending potentially speaking. We're still work working all that out. Um if if anything I'll definitely host uh a dinner every time because that's kind of you know the thing to do bring everyone together unlocks that I I mean I still haven't even done it but because I I seriously I did not have friends or network or whatever you want to call it in this space up until basically I started making stuff on YouTube but now it's like endless amounts and it's like any city any whatever I'm trying to hit the info coaching circuit and I'm going to like Daniel Fazio he's having an event in September I'm going to just pop into that. Um, Cole Gordon's having an event. Like these different people have these events. I'm like, "Oh, I'm for sure going to just like live in my little info coaching land, but there's so many of them." Like we wasn't the last event we were at, Onyx. Yeah. Onyx and G's event. >> But there's so many of them that are all >> Yeah. Clickunnels. Yeah. Yeah. >> Well, cool. I love it. Um, that is specific kind of what I got, but if you want to share anything else, I mean, you we have a little affiliate deal. I've never sold you anyone, but maybe I'll drop a link below this. >> Yeah, drop the link. I mean, if anybody, you know, obviously it's a disruptive technology, you know, so if you want to learn more, Ryan, you're welcome to drop a link below. Um, you know, but the website's leadfi.ai. Uh, if you do end up coming to inquire with our team, make sure you bring up Ryan because I like to track kind of where the >> just kind of because I do so many podcasts and get so many introductions, I I do like to see, you know, who's talking about it the most and what their what their actual subscriber and traffic is like. >> Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, it's it's crazy the lead flow that has come from just making videos every day. And again, this is not a I mean, it is a shameless plug at some level, but this is not a shill. Again, we don't I don't direct use it right now. We're still talking about how and where we'd use it. For us, it was like if we weren't going to route based on it, and we weren't going to train the pixel based on it, and there wasn't a direct click to check out or like that style. For us, it was like it's just more information that's on the sales rep. And like I said earlier, it kind of was like information overload or if there was someone who DQed but then found the way. Oh, that's another actually specific question because it's very prominent in our industry and our market. What happens with dual household and like with like the wife is the information but it's really based on the husband's XYZ like how does that work or is that hard? >> We get household income too. >> Okay. So it pulls household so dual filing that whole >> Yeah. You get the full picture. >> Interesting. Okay. Yeah, cuz that was Yeah, that was one of the initial things for us was like obviously we have a lot of the wife. >> What I remember what I remember when we did your run um actually the the the women for your program were actually more financially qualified personally than you thought, right? >> Yeah. Way more way more on the DQ bucket because again ours is ours is how much have you invested in your health or fitness, right? And it's like someone who says zero is either someone who's completely unqualified actually because they haven't they can't they couldn't afford it then and they can't afford it into the future. But it also could mean someone who is just like sat on it and it's like the deepest pain of their of their life right now and they've just never done anything about it. >> And like a lot of our messaging is around like you've tried everything and you've done XYZ and it's like these quick fixes and this and this and nothing's ever worked which would boat itself to the person who has spent a lot of money on something and it's never worked. So, like again, our math shows double plus the conversion rates on the buckets like just based on their answers, but in comparison to the stuff you sent over, there are plenty of DQ people that are more than qualified. And then there was a handful that were in our qualified bucket that were like just had no money, which is also normal, I guess, >> right? >> Yeah, >> certainly. >> Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, I'll definitely uh we'll have to link at one of these events soon and I'll get this live today right after this. >> Sounds good, brother. Well, uh, yeah, for your for your group, if they want to go to Instagram, just look me up, Douglas James. Um, let me know what you thought episode as well, and I look forward to seeing you. I'll see you at the next Ryan uh next event. Ryan, appreciate you. >> Yeah, appreciate you. All right, talk soon.