TITLE: Inside Whop: Road to $100B
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_-xCj_RiCM
VIEWS: 2655 | DURATION: 01:00:47
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back and we've
got Hunter from [ __ ] Hunter, >> what's good, guys? I'm good. How are
you? >> We're live on X. We're live on X as
well. So, this should be a double whammy. But yeah, kick it off. So,
everyone knows you all over X. Everyone knows you in the info coaching land, but
those who are not in info coaching land, how would you describe your current
setup, what you do, where you're at? >> Yeah, I would. So, I work at WAP. So,
being here for about four years now, so I'm 23. uh somehow ended up here at at
19 and somehow ended up, you know, started in Australia and somehow in New
York now. Um but I run our sales team. So I'm head of partnerships. I run our
sales and account management team. And so um I pretty much oversee all customer
acquisition, business acquisition, um and business retention for [ __ ] And if
you don't know what [ __ ] is, it's a business models platform. So, um, we
help coaches, agencies, physical products now, really all different types
of businesses, um, run on the internet. >> Very cool. So, were you how early? Let's
go OG [ __ ] and then we go to like current state, but I feel like a lot of people
don't know the full the full arc of that. I had uh, I had
>> Stephen Cam on and they kind of like rough talked about it, but not much.
>> Yeah, I could I I'll probably be a little bit more specific than them
because I think I have the liberty to do so. But um I guess it probably starts
with how I got involved. But I guess before then um Cam and Steve and
Sharkies, there's actually three founders of [ __ ] They were um really
just like internet internet kids. So um they went from reselling shoes to and
making a huge amount of money there to running like um offshore sports books to
running like Yeah. Most people don't know that. and and running like you know
all arbitrage of like crypto exchanges to essentially um Cameron ended up
starting with Steve a sneakerbot like a sneaker bot where it's essentially what
it does is you take a bunch of virtual credit cards you load it up on you know
either a web app or or sometimes a desktop app you put plug a license key
in and essentially auto runs all of those cards on like a Supreme or like a
Shopify store or Nike to essentially buy out all the inventory so you could
resell it later. Um, and they started doing that early on and then eventually
um, they moved into, hey, we're making a ton of money with, you know, our, you
know, uh, sneaker bot. Why can't we work with other sneaker botterers to be able
to sell the license keys for them? So, what really started off as a as a
license key rental marketplace where you, for example, you're you're super
into sneakers. You know that the new Travis are going to drop. you're going
to rent, you know, this specific sneaker bot to make sure you get those Travis,
but you don't need that sneaker bot for more than a day. So, you're only going
to rent it for a period of time. And so, that's what [ __ ] started as. Um, and then
eventually over time, those sneaker botters and those developers who are
selling the software were like, "Hey, we need a community associated with this to
teach all of these new renters of these bots how to actually use the bot and how
to actually put it to work." And so really we Who as a company, this is
predating me, started off as first a license key rental marketplace and then
slowly built out a Discord integration um to essentially pay wall um those
sneaker bots with the community. And so where I got involved was I was when I
was 19 years old, I was studying to do um a bachelor of engineering and I had
no money. I was I was living on government funding. Um, somehow my dad
ended up in Romania, parents split, whatever, that whole shebang and I
didn't have any cash and so I was on a scholarship at university and I was
living on the equivalent of like social security. Um, and I, this is full circle
now. I somehow got into stock trading and the first two stocks I bought was
Afterpay and Zip, which are both two Australian companies that start off as
companies, right? Um, and I ended up making like an invest a stock
investments group. And so I took all these super smart guys from university
and I was like, "Hey, I really need to make money. Can you help me figure out
how to do this?" And so I started making a group there. And eventually I fell
into crypto. And so that's how I really got my first internet money start was I
started making a ton of money on Axe Infinity, which was like a play to earn
like crypto currency. Like you play the game, you make money. And so I first
taste of internet money was I made it essentially turned like my money into
like 50 grand on that. So I got in really early. Um and then I started [ __ ]
posting about that online and eventually I lost launched an NFT project with some
college friends and that did about like $3 million. We got really lucky and I
continued to [ __ ] post online. Um and eventually I I blew up on Twitter. So I
I ended up getting like 80 to 100,000 followers on Twitter. Um, I got
shadowbanned now, but it was at Grunk Wizard. Um, and I end up launching an
agency around that. And [ __ ] coming full circle, back to what you asked, ended up
being one of my clients cuz [ __ ] was gone went from sneaker belt Reynolds to
Discord. And what was popping off at the time was NFT token gating at Discord
where you can only get access to a Discord if you buy an NFT. And so I was
living in Swiss I was doing the whole Dubai money Switzerland thing at the
time. And like I lived in Dubai for a little bit and then I end up was was
going Airbnb to Airbnb in Switzerland and [ __ ] was one of my clients um for it
and so they were like hey why don't we hire you fulltime to run the NFT
division of [ __ ] which is hilarious and so I came on probably like
six to eight like actual full-time employee
um and I really I really that's how I really started off. So, I know I'm
rambling, but that's how I >> You're not rambling at all. Yeah. Okay.
So, then did you start in this essential like role like or
>> Yeah. So, I I started as like helping NFT projects essentially like [ __ ] out a
product of like you verify your NFT, you get access. I started off as like
getting NFT projects to do that, right? And um I was my role originally started
off it was like really it was just like a bunch of like 20-year-old dudes just
trying to trying to essentially figure out whatever the next internet trend is
and and make make money from it you as a s as a software platform right so it was
like okay sneaker bullets now it's like Discord you know paying for a Discord
now it's okay getting NFT projects on Discord and it it was it was funny it's
just like you you come in every day and it was just like EDM music blasting and
and overcaffeinated and that's it. And it's just like six dudes. Um and um I
started doing that and I started writing the what blog. So I was the first blog
writer and I was doing that full-time and eventually Cameron we we we realized
NFTTS weren't really going to work out and you know I was making you know
around you know 150k to 200k some months like working with these create these NFT
projects essentially doing their marketing and blowing blowing them up
right. Um, and I was, it was, it was kind of came to a point where I was
like, "Okay, I'm making a ton of money. This is really sick." Like, I'm 20 at
the time, 19 at the time, but I I don't have any fulfillment at all. So, I end
up going full-time to work for [ __ ] I end up shutting down my entire agency.
Um, and that was just around the time that we started getting really involved
in like Discord pay walls. And so it was it was I didn't I had no idea what co
high ticket coaching or anything was. It's literally just like a sub for
Discord. And I remember like I did a whole visa process what I was living in
Mexico. I was living in Canada. Like I was I was I was working for 4 months on
the like EST time zone in Australia just to stay online with Cameron as we were
trying to figure out how to do you know these Discords. And I remember we were
trying to do the TAM of like of of online communities and products and we
landed at $15 million per month. That's the total TAM of every single business
online making a paid community and course. We thought it was 15 million a
month and that was 2 years ago. Um and so that's like I really started as like
the first sales rep to go and sell all of these like online communities um to
essentially join join our platform. Yeah. So when you guys started to move
everyone over at that time, was it mainly it was people who had their own
community because you didn't have your own communities at that time, right? So
it was like >> Yeah.
>> wherever there are communities hosted and you were just doing payments and
like >> it was literally just it was literally
just like a dashboard with affiliates and like a dispute fighter and it was a
Discord integration like you get access to this Discord RO and it was really
just payment links. And so we we were we were start we we had a couple
competitors at the time. We end up buying um buying them out because we you
know outgrew them. There was a YC backed company called hyper.co co and they were
also doing like discord paywalling and this was really like co like stock
trading was blowing up um reselling was blowing up sports betting was blowing up
and that's why you probably see a lot of those businesses on [ __ ] today is because
we started in Discord and that's what Discord was really servicing was those
primary niches and so we were just really coming in saying hey you know you
don't need to figure out how to connect Stripe to the Discord API to fulfill a
role you can just use an out ofthebox like you know g community gated uh
community gated product. >> Yeah, I had Luke on but that was how
Luca and I first got connected and I was on like an NMI plus like API stack. We
had this uh like ver I don't even think it was Versal back then. It was whatever
hosting that would like have on page it would be like connected connected
>> probably like some WordPress you know that you read.
>> I got built for like 2K on Upwork. It would break every other day. It was
great. >> Crazy, right? And so there was there was
a huge market there. And like what we would essentially do is we would our
strategy was going to really like competitive businesses or like going on
Twitter. Like we didn't even know Instagram existed for like client
acquisition and we would just go to the following of all these different Twitter
accounts and we would you know look for there was like Launchpass, Upgrade Chat,
Memberful, um Hyper those were like the main businesses and we would essentially
just try and win business from those. And so for me, if I got a business doing
30K a month from one of those platforms, I'd be like, "Oh my god, this person
does $30,000 a month." And it was really easy to grow because all these
businesses were using Stripe Standard like direct Stripe accounts and we could
actually import all of their subscriptions into our at the time uh
connect Stripe account. And so it was just a really good way of us to go from
like when I first joined we were doing like 2 million a month in GMV like
processing volume. That probably took us to like 20 million because we kind of
like monopolized this like organic like no one was really using paid ads
community like niche. >> So the next iteration was instore like
uh hosting communities chat that whole functionality like product and
>> no so we so we went from like Discord and then we got into Telegram payw walls
um and then we got into courses. So we like our our platform is really just
like a dashboard. That's what it started off with. It wasn't like some grand
scheme like we're going to do this whole community thing. It start it was really
just a dashboard with like affiliates um dispute fighter and like sort of plugins
almost. And we we were just once again similar to how like people were having
license keys and want a discord community. We started getting all these
Discord businesses and Telegram businesses being like I have my Discord
but I also have a Teachable and a Kajjabi. And I'm sure you saw that early
on where it's just like you kind of peacemealed like your
>> we still peacemail. Yeah. >> Right. And so we were like, "Okay, cool.
We're just gonna hire a developer to build like a course hosting." And so [ __ ]
was just like you get your Discord and then you get your course and and that
was it. And and that was that like it was really nothing like this whole chat
like now today we have like our own chat, we have our own forums, we have
our own live streaming, right? And but it really just our business has always
scaled from we have this totable addressable market that sales is
aggressively trying to get go after like we're a salesdriven business. How do we
actually make sure we get all those clients and provide value from those
clients? Oh, they they want they want a chat. Oh, they want a course. Oh, they
want Discord. Oh, now today they want financing. They want, you know, to sell
a trading exchange. And so that's really how our business has always grown.
>> Yeah, it's amazing. And then so I don't know how much you guys talk about like
fundraising and all that but like what at what inflection point was that first
big one because I think it's it's public you guys say like the founder like that.
>> So we so the first ever bit of fundraising we ever did was we did a
preede um so that was uh we went through a program called Zfellows. It's by Corey
Levy. Um it was pretty low-key. We were one of the first ones to go through at
the time but now it's you know starting to become somewhat of a a Y Combinator
competitor. Um, and how that worked was you essentially get $10,000 and you get
introduced to like the founder of Netflix, the founder of Tinder, um, you
get like introduced to Founders Fund like Peter Teal and all these other
businesses. And so it's like you get 10 grand, but you mainly get the
connections. And we end up raising a series A. Um, maybe like two or so years
ago, we we raised a series A. Um, and that was from the connections we got
from Zfellows as well as a couple others. And that was I think like $200
million valuation raised like 10 12 mil something like that. Um and then last
July we ended up raising a series B that put us at a $800 million valuation a
total fundraising of like I want to say 40 mil. Um and that was from it was from
similar investors but like founder of Eventbrite like larger funds like
Insight Partners, Signal Fire who did like Bubble as an example. Um, and then
also just a bunch of like, you know, strategic people that are good for
growth. >> Yeah, that's amazing. So, when you guys
are going through these next one, what was your GMV at that point on the last
race? >> Um, I want to say we're doing like 30
mil a month. >> Got it. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah.
>> For 4x the more than 4x the business since then.
>> Yeah. That's amazing. Okay. So, like let's talk now. So, you guys just made
this big announcement, payment, payments, payments, payments. Uh, when
we talked to Stephen on there, he was like, "Yeah, we're going payment
direction." Uh, some of the other competitors go really heavy course
focused. They go really like the hosting side of things. You guys are going the
other direction and going very hard in financing and directs.
So, your new offer is what the public the direct public one
>> 2.7% >> credit card rates out of the box is 2.9.
>> Yeah, that's right. >> That's amazing. So you guys are doing
your own version of that, but like you wouldn't consider Stripe a competitor or
you would >> I think we we totally would. So I think
we we get it's interesting. We get I think a bit of a misconception around
like it's like what verse school, right? And that's often times what people niche
us into. And for us, like I've got 12 full-time sales reps and and we're
hiring pretty heavily. And how how I would say our and so we're selling to a
lot of different businesses. I would how I would say
um our business is is we're a business model platform and so if you think about
like the internet like you need you need payments you need to get you need to
accept payments and you need to pay out payments and that's like if you can't do
that you cannot you can't run a business right it's very unless you're a SAS but
like it's very tough to to really support any business and so I would say
for us like school as an example that's what we're always compared to that's
just one competitor in one business model and that business model is paid
groups, right? They're just one like they're really only servicing, you know,
um the hosting of communities, uh community members, and they're they're
sort of now teaching people how to get into like selling an online product,
right? They're they're targeting passionate individuals that are
beginning to get into like the online space and they're running aggressive
paid ads to do that. and they're also inspiring existing info product and
coaching owners and and course owners um how to essentially like you know host
and and do upsells and so that's like one competitor and like for example in
just paid groups alone you've got heartbeat chat circle standtore um
you've got Teachable Kajjabi School um you can name like 50 of them right and
that's just one sort of business but we also service agencies we're servicing
physical products now we're moving into um for example more interesting things
like launching trading exchanges. Um we're going into more like SAS now where
it's like how does what replace Stripe for like billing and like how do how do
we capture this wave of like lovable no code apps that you know are using Stripe
right now but you know maybe want to try something else. Um and so I would say
like our business is really like we've got payments and those payments need to
be competitive to service all of those business models. And once that's good,
now it's like we we have apps which are like chat, live streaming, forums, copy
and paste, whatever. Um that's now once we have your payments, now we want to
sell you that apps layer which is vertical SAS which we're moving into
now. And then after that it's distribution. So like the hardest part
of running a business is getting customers. How do we service that? And
so how we split our business is like we have our co coaching and coursing like
business line. We have our agency's business line. And how do we build like
the best endto-end experience? Well, it starts with payments, right? So, that's
that's kind of how I'd think about [ __ ] Less so,
>> oh, it's an it's like a community platform. It's more of like how do you
make cool [ __ ] on the on the internet and make a ton of money doing so?
>> Yeah, that's super interesting. Do you guys feel like the first thing my brain
goes to is like Clickfunnels versus like a go high level for example. Like
Clickfunnels was the best ever at like what it was and go level is like the
everything tool. It's like the everything you need. Then they have the
insane distribution model of like the affiliates and like the users and the
sub accounts and like all that stuff. But at some level it's like you can't be
the best at everything. Uh and like funnels by far was at at the time at its
at its zone of genius was like crushing and now like the wave has shifted into
this. Um even what you said earlier like we peacemeal things like we'll take
specific tools that do specific things and layer them together with other ones
cuz I'm like oh that's the best at that. That's the best at that and you have to
deal with that. But like you guys it feels like
>> are doing it all almost which at some level there has to be a little bit of
like >> you can't do everything the best or like
you can't have whatever but >> you seem to be doing quite well at it
and there's the errors and the and the blips but like
>> so payments is definitely a core focus but then payments
>> it's like SAS agency info coaching like all the different layers. It's it's
>> interesting lean into that. I would say I would say like Clickfunnels like I
love Todd and and Russell. I think they they
really just comes down to like how you the internals of how your company works
is what's successful. And so like I would say for them I I just don't think
they have the talent um to be able to or the user feedback loop to be able to
aggressively be the all-in-one platform. Like I and I think they they admit that
themselves like they spread themselves a little too thin. And so now you see a
retrenchment of like okay now we're going to go into funnels right and you
saw that with Clickfunnels 1.0 where you know they didn't like I would say go
high level did a really good job because Clickfunnels launched Clickfunnels 2.0
they weren't migrating the existing 1.0 customers and it wasn't a product
appealing to the 1.0 and then at the same time go high level said we can
actually import your 1.0 funnels and we're going to give you all of these
other CRM and everything else. So I would say I would say Clickfunnels
really didn't have the user feedback loop and for on go high level's end I
would say yes they're the everything app but like what's the quality associated
with that right where they're re what their strategy love the guys but it's
really just like getting like third world developers to quickly rip
something that's trending as quickly as humanly possible and so how we think
about our business is a little more like Uber and and Amazon where like What
Amazon did was they said, "Okay, Ryan, you're you got us into books as a
business. You've crushed getting us into books as like a segment. We now want you
to go after Kindle." And we gave you really clear respons. They gave you
really clear responsibility around you own Kindle end to end. And that's not as
simple as payments. That means what does fulfillment look like? What does the
notifications look like? What does it look like for new business to sign up?
What does it look like for Warrior Babe level businesses to come onto the
platform? And so what we're doing is we're now taking our internal business
and we're saying okay how do we almost create general managers of coaching and
SAS and and agencies and own the endto-end experience. And I would say we
haven't done a great job so far. Like I would say like coaching we do an amazing
job in payments for sure. we don't do very good job at owning the fulfillment
of coaching or or or for SAS we're starting to do a good job in payment in
in payments but we don't do such a great job at marketing that we have SAS
products use our platform and so >> I would say it really just comes down
for us like how do we internally make it so people are really incentivized to
feel like they own like a segment really tightly and make sure that's successful
right >> yeah so you guys do a fantastic job of
acquiring talent and we always have the conversations And the top people I talk
to are like, "Oh, yeah." And they'd be interested. Like, you know, I talked to
them about maybe doing this or you already have them join your team in
whatever capacity. So, the talent attraction of just joining a bunch of
cracked out like moving towards a big mission is real is. So, that is what
you're saying the approach is for this next thing is like you're going to have
someone internal that's like all SAS for the
>> for sure. >> The first the first time we ever talked
it was like the onboarding the flow like getting them in and then it was like a
scale division almost. It's like, yeah, it's great to get customers in and have
them doing 10k or 100k a month, but like how do we then help the next part of the
journey, which you just said like fulfillment, help them go from 100k to a
million, right? >> For sure.
>> Yeah. Right. Like for coaching, when I say like end to end, it's like, okay,
it's not just about how do we do your payments, how we do your financing. It's
okay. You're having a peacemail now a webinar tool and you're having to feed
that in a HubSpot and you're now having to use Zapier and and Nadan and now
you're having to do an email marketing tool and you're now having to run your
paid ads and oh guess what your paid ads account just got shut down. Now you're
having to run through an omnibus paid ads account. So it's like owning
coaching is like not just as simple as payments. It's how do we do everything
and provide that for for 90 not just the warrior babes that are pushing huge
numbers but also the beginner too. And so I think like for us, we're in that
stage right now where it's like how can we do all of that but also make it
really simple and that's the hardest part.
>> Yeah. What does the team look like there now? Like how big are you guys?
>> We're 55 people. >> Okay. I would think it's almost bigger
at this point like and you have you technically just all New York office or
you guys were talking about multi or >> Yeah. So we have a San Fran office now.
We're we're um just got and we're opening up. Um, I would say it it it
we so we we had a stage there where we let go of 17 people. Um, cuz I think
we're just like I think as a business we could easily like you know get a nice
exit and be like uh you know the a co coaching platform and and do that. But I
think for us we we kind of had an internal decision where it's like okay
we see like no one's doing this right now. No one's trying to create like the
make money app where you make money on the internet and it's like okay when I
think making money online I think [ __ ] No one's really doing that. Like you see
Meta for example where it's like their business is like a paid ad like
advertising model. They're probably not going to help you make money doing an
expertise that you like doing or or you know making your own business. You've
got X which is kind of doing it. They're like we're rolling out creative
subscriptions but they're not really doing a great job. And so we're like
okay cool. we see a really cool opportunity here where um no there's no
like there's no equivalent of like a Shopify for actually like internet
businesses and so we we made a decision to let go of 17 people and we were like
okay how are we going to do this we're going to do it with really dense
highquality talent and we're going to give them really large responsibility
and so for me for example like I don't really interact with you know Cam and
Steel all that much it's more so like here are your targets here's what you
need to do go make it happen and So for us like coming back to hiring
entrepreneurs like we get we we optimize for that because what how it actually
works operationally inside our company is that everyone is kind of their
entrepreneurs. You get ownership and it's kind of a figure it out mentality.
So >> that's it ties back to like how we
structure it. It's Yeah, I mean it's amazing though, right? Like we are
getting into our first layer of like multi-layer leadership and that's a
beast and like owner and comp plans that tie to what KPI but then it's affected
by ex so and so's and you guys get to like
>> it's like a hack and also not a hack, right? Where you have like equity and
you have this big massive valuation moving towards this number and like this
big vision that everyone's like let's just all go here. Ours is a little more
transactional a little bit more, right? especially when the K like your next
paycheck, not your what is my equity number worth in the future.
>> Um, so yeah, that's super interesting. So, where are you guys hiring into right
now? Because I see you guys make these hiring posts and it's and what you just
said like sales, but >> yeah.
>> Is that the main? >> Yeah, I it's mainly go to market like we
have three payment engineers total and like they've built everything out. So,
so that that's fine. And you know, if there's a god tier payments person,
we'll bring on. We've got I would say most of the team's engineering and I
think they're really competent. We're still looking for competent devs, but
now it's like okay, we've got product market fit. Um, now it's we're we're
like we're slowly transitioning with this announcement which has been good.
It's kind of like positioned our business, not just like the coaching
kind of platform for payments for that. Now it's like payments for online
businesses. Um, and now we're we're like, okay, how do we segment our
business to what we want to service and hire people aggressively against that?
So mainly sales, mainly account management. Um, but I would say if
anyone's really talented and and wants to do cool [ __ ] we we really take
anyone on. >> Yeah. Let's jam info coaching specific
because you know everybody that is like a superpower you guys have now where is
like you see behind the door and like we don't say anyone's direct names and and
do but like >> even just talking to you guys it then
opened my mind in these directions and I was looking at other payment tools and
like you know in comparison to you guy and just all over the board but I came
upon >> back quiet people that are doing two
three 400 a year in info coaching names you know and then these and then the
ones that we kind of all talk about and know more or like personally know I've
found are the top tier guys are 10 15 million a month right now right and like
some of them are scaling aggressively some of them have kind of been humming
at that but like where do you see the landscape of these things like how do
what are the main funnel types like let's go deep
types are they all like high ticket a lot of low high
>> sure I you're really asking about segmentation so it's what how I
structure my team like is you've how info coaching essentially has worked is
you've but really like highlevel people in different demographics um that have
established everything. So, as an example, Myron Brunson, right? Uh no,
Myron Golden, right? He he is like OG. If you ask any like African-American
like info seller, they've probably heard of Myron Golden being killing a spade a
spade. You've also got Russell Brunson. You've got Jason Fladdlin. You've got um
Jeremy Haynes now popping up. And so how we essentially segment our business is
like and how we segment our sales is essentially like who started it all and
then work down from that tree, right? And so today we've got like business uh
like sales reps really deep into like the mastermind crowd like your Lewis
House, your Brendan Bersard, your um you know Oliver Nino who we recently
connected with. Um, you've got the more Gexa Nick Fisher crowd where you've got
performance golf, Pace Morby. You've got more your, you know, your, um, you know,
Steve Harwood like Dan Flashman. Um, you've got with Dan Flashman, Garrett
White, Chris Cone. So, >> it deep. It runs deep. So it's like so
when so for example it's really interesting because whenever we have
like new sales reps join you know our company it's like ah man I saw bre
scales and TGR you know crushing it and we're like hang on dude those are
actually the smaller fry in the whole equation right um so I I would I would
say like for for us um we've had the opportunity to scrape like pretty much
all like coaching businesses that are out there and and and we've We've been
able to like do a pretty aggressive like figure out who's crushing it organic.
Like for example, I think Chris Johnson right now is doing like 2 mil a month
just organic on Twitter. Like most people don't know that if they're
running paid. They're like, "Oh my god, that's crazy, right?" Um, so we we touch
multiple sides, but I'm happy to drill into anything specific, but we know
what's going on. >> So I was just at Jeremy's event, so
let's talk about the the current people. So, I talk about this a lot on here, but
like right now there's >> three or four that are like the info
coaching like our side of the info coaching. You have like OGs who still
have their groups. Nick Singal still has his like mastermind and group and his
elite, right? But like >> the
>> new age info coaching, it's like Cole Gordon,
>> I Jeremy, um Nick is >> Yeah. And and Ravi has like a version of
it. I'm saying like who have active masterminds. So people go to those
events as like the core ones and I just went to Jeremy's. I went to Iman's one
went to Jeremy's. I'm going to Kohl's next month. Daniel.
>> So like those guys hang out and it's so interesting to me that each one you
could be in all of them and like learn different things. Like Iman's is like
>> disgustingly profitable info business revenue generating events organic like
lean team worldwide. Jeremy's like [ __ ] hammer it just like topline and
just like spend into it and it works fantastic for that. Kohl's is like
tactical and sales. So I don't know. It's just interesting to me that there's
all these different like frames and faces and they all run these different
models. Low ticket to high ticket, high ticket direct.
>> Yeah. That >> they all land back in the same bucket,
>> you know? >> Yeah. I mean, it's like anyone doing
numbers is really either running a VSSL funnel with like a billion sales reps or
or like a webinar funnel. And then some people are running a challenge funnel,
but that's either like a very Myron Golden tactic, right? or or it's like
you're like a Jason flat like you somehow have have gone into like Iman
level like challenges or like herozi like there there's like a couple pe like
really the main funnels we see is like you have like
>> liquidation SLO to like a VSSL or like a quizunnel or it's like a webinar funnel
and those are like the main ones pushing numbers. It's either like VSSL or
honestly webinar funnel. Um, >> yeah,
>> it's it's funny cuz like the names you said are all US, which is which is which
is the interesting part like >> which is my frame, my my own frame,
right? It's not the market, it's me. >> Yeah. Like like I'll send you this is an
interesting one. Look up 99.xyz. They're probably the biggest like growth
operators for Europe and they run like the biggest offers for like Europe like
the European market. And I think like what's really woken me up to is like
believe it or not the info coaching space for South America is actually
bigger than the US. It it just so it just so happens that all of the
transactions in South America are buy now pay later or split payments, right?
That's how all their transactions occur. But um that's like the bigger that's
actually a bigger market for info products than actually the US is, right?
And so when you say like Jeremy Haynes, Daniel Fosio, all those names, that's
like the US pocket of things where you have um like Nicholas Pere, he crushes
consulting club. That's like actually more like EU based, right? So there's a
whole different side of internationally. >> Yeah. Even Iman's thing, it's like I I'm
in that group because that was the first thing I paid for. And
>> yeah, >> 90% I feel like is non US. like he he
pulls like a more worldwide audience. Um and they talk all the time about like
low ticket that is cranking in like the Brazil market and like these that cook.
So I mean the quizunnel thing is very interesting
>> that you said inside there. I'm hearing that and seeing that all over like it's
always the what's working now. Jeremy and I talked about this on ours but it
was like listen everything is working now. Just to be like very blunt here.
Like you can go down any lane, hammer it, optimize it, come up with an angle,
do something. And the funnel does not matter. Like what's easier to start, one
thing. What's easier to scale, different like there's Yes.
>> Yeah. >> But
>> the Gavin low ticket thing is super interesting right now. The webinars,
they're coming back and then everything Hormosi just did just like, you know,
the amount of people that are texting. They're like, how do we beat that? And
it's like [ __ ] you know. >> Yeah. You know what my favorite funnel
is? Like my there's um there's a I won't say who. They're actually our biggest
creator right now and they're processing tons significantly more than Warrior
Babe. I I'll say that bluntly. Even your red
>> easy. >> And they um what they do is they go to
supplement companies and they like small like imagine like you're an e-commerce
store, $20 creatine. They buy every single email from that creatine store
and they do it with hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of e-commerce stores and
they buy the lists and then what they do is they they run no paid ads. There's no
organic. All they do is they email those lists aggressively saying, "Oh, you just
bought creatine or ashwagandha. You should book an implementation call with
us." >> Right? And and that's all they do. And
that implementation call on the back end of it, there's hundreds and hundreds of
sales reps. Oh yes. And that's all they run. And and they're and it's just like
you see that model and you're just like like even for us, right? We're doing
like I want to say like 130 to 150 mil a month in just like coaching processing.
And it's just like you you see that model and you're like oh my god we're
missing a whole market to that, right? And so it's like for me it's like it
doesn't really matter what you're doing. You're totally right. It's more like are
you crunching numbers? Are you seeking feedback constantly? And are are you
surrounding yourself with more circles? Like a lot of like for us our favors are
like, "Oh, you're in Jeremy Haynes's mastermind right now." Amazing. Have you
thought about also going to the Atlas mastermind that Russell Brunson runs
that's 250K a year to get a different perspective? Right. So, I would say
that's what it comes down to. >> Yeah. It's crazy when you get to like
certain XYZ size, whether it's half a million a month, million a month,
whatever, and you go to these things and they're like 30 grand or 250 grand, like
they all are that much at this point. >> Yeah. But you go to these and you pick
up like literally one thing that you can use and it's like, "Oh, I just got a 5%
lift on this or like my show rates went from 50% to 70%." It's like that's
millions of dollars. >> Like in fact, that's why those are so
fun now. Like because like you can just pick up I was on my way out of the door
at Jeremy Haynes's thing and some guy was like, "Oh, like like ask me xyz
thing." And then he goes, "Wait, have you done this?" and he shows me
something on his thank you page and I was like
>> I was on my way out the door and I was like screenshot take a picture of his
phone like send it to the team implement this right now like this is crazy
behavior and there's just so many little tweaks and hacks but
>> it's so interesting the other guys I see that really crush because if you want to
start talking like 200 300s and you're going to know better than I do but like
the guys I know almost all of them have some sort of direct to cart
functionality in the front like almost none of them are going direct quiz or
going direct via to sell like uh I'm sorry direct to a call because of you
know the volume and then the economics that you get with having massive buyer
base and over time they ascend and they direct. So that's like a very
interesting thing that we're starting to >> It's not It's not coaching, dude. It's
just paid ads, right? We're not in the coaching industry. We're in the paid ads
industry, right? Unless you're unless you're running like some crazy operation
like the one I just mentioned. It's really just like do you understand data?
Are you able to crunch the numbers? Are you do you understand the platforms and
their algorithms? Or do you understand hiring and can hire someone to do that?
And are like for you for example, I like your day is just crunching numbers,
right? Like that's why it all that's why it all works, right? You're crunching,
you know, uh rorowaz, your conversion rate, you know, you're crunching show
rate, all of these different numbers and that's
>> all it is, right? And so for us, like when we when we think about like what
what actually I really enjoy really going in the space is I like talking to
people like you cuz it's like it doesn't really matter if you're doing like a
women's weight loss offer or not like cuz you understand how it works. Like
you could do like like I love what Jordan Lee's doing for example with AI
acquisition. They went from the growth partner and he knows all the same paid
ads and CSM models and you know it's all the same you know architecture. He's
just flipped the scritch and said it's now an AI arbitrage agency and now
they're doing better than ever, right? And so that's what I like and that's why
I don't think this industry will ever die because let's say if coaching or
courses, you know, no longer becomes the fad and it becomes software. Well, cool.
You just crunch the numbers and run paid ads aggressively against software, which
people are already doing, right? So it that's why we like tying back to what
that's where we position ourselves as a business model platform because it
doesn't really matter if it's courses or or agencies. It's all the same formula.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I'll be interested to see. I know you guys already you said it in
there, but the physical product thing will be super interesting because the
more and more I see that's a big conversation that a lot of info coaching
people seem to be having that's like where do I offset the AI revolution part
and it's like okay cool right now they ride the wave and they monetize it by
throwing AI your name or doing whatever but when the true functionality of AI
comes like true true and all the personalization exists and like that's
kind of the more or less benefit to having like a direct coach or getting
like the group coaching or onetoone access is the personalization of the
content based on yours and all that. So like once we get to a point where that's
kind of >> democratized more or less like yeah
there's going to be another play is what people keep saying is there's going to
be this other play for physical products. There's going to be this other
play for stuff like that and it would be so cool to see that
allin-one inside inside [ __ ] where it's like
>> sure >> you can do because right now it's
obviously it's like Shopify lives for that. you guys are day by day becoming
more and more and more like the Shopify for like you said online business or
info coaching right now and >> yeah I think um
I think my honest opinion is we're probably yes we'll probably like
physical products yeah Nick Fischer was talking about events I I think like
we're probably going to move more towards like more bespoke experiences
where it's like for example for us it's like Okay, you as Ryan could, for
example, um let's say you're Pace Morby as an example, keeping with the Nick
Fischer example. Pace Morby could, you know, do this low ticket, then to high
ticket, then to he obviously has a real estate fund where he makes a ton of
money on. I think what we'll probably start to see is like, okay, skip the low
ticket and high ticket. I now have a community. AI lets me launch my own fund
instantly, right? And so I think or like for example in trading, right? what you
see is like the TGR model where it's like you sell high ticket like you know
trading coaching you have low ticket and then it's like now you're in my prop
firm and and and and a lot of these traders have make a ton of money on
their prop firms right and so for us I think it'll more so become like AI will
make it easier to spin up these more unique experiences where it's like okay
instead of going the whole route of like launching you know my info product and
coaching I'm just going to launch a trading exchange and I'm just going to
make money off all the fees and we already see that sports betting where
people Yeah. >> Yeah. That's I mean that's the big
picture in general. So like we've talked offline, I'm not going to talk about it
here, but like the bigger stuff we're doing that's like in that direction and
like info coaching is a mean and it's uh it's a liquidation of your spend. But
the big picture stuff like a prop firm or I always use the example and we can
workshop it here of uh insurance. I use it all the time. I've seen two big
people I know direct do it and like four or five I know that are like
>> medium which is still large. Uh and of them do it because they can do info
coaching. They can run them. They they have the acquisition where they can use
paid. They use info coaching for like >> consumption, warmth, liquidation, all
the things. And then where they make insane amounts of money is insurance, uh
like actual being like licensed in that way. People then do it like the next
layer up where like they're teaching people who are already in insurance for
their role in their job. They come into there then they're inside their firm and
then they get like overrides. Like you start to see more and more people doing
that. Like even uh >> nuts
>> will Rivera now is like you know he's going full like Medicare and it's like
he's taking the business model and then he's like applying it there or there's
other guys that do it that do uh Spencer or something.
>> Yeah. They do layered things inside like downlines and what like that's where
they're making big money to my understanding
>> right and so I don't know where [ __ ] can go to like monetize that as or be part
of that picture as well >> but that would be
>> I think insurance is tough. Insurance is harder.
>> Insurance is a little harder. I'll give you an example right now in sports
betting. Like it was very popular for people to sell picks. Like you join my
$20 a month community and I'll sell you a sports bet. Um and now what we're
seeing them move towards is actually a funded sports betting model which is
like >> morality morality aside, but it's like
you're essentially like prove that you can consistently bet and we'll fund you
like a prop firm. And then on the back end what they do is they'll sell data,
right? As as some of some of them will do. And so like we're now we're actively
seeing businesses go from I want to sell a paid Discord to I want to now sell a a
equivalent of a prop firm in sports betting. And so for us, we're like,
okay, we're going to build the app associated with white labeling, building
your own challenges. Or for example, you'll probably see in dating where
instead of like an influencer selling a like, you're already seeing it, but like
instead of an influencer selling like dating, you know, courses and whatnot,
you'll probably say, "Hey, here's my curated dating app for young
professionals with, you know, a really big shiny ClickFunnels plaque in the
background." like like they'll probably sell that more curated as the product
they're selling. And so I think what you'll before you see like the we're all
going to do events and we're we're going to do like like physical products is the
only way at that point we're probably all checked out, right? Like we're it's
probably over at that stage and we're all like I'm a plumber and you're
working on a like an oil rig. Um, but I would say before it comes to that, it's
probably going to become more like boutique experiences that are hyper that
you use Meta and their distribution engine to actually get consumers to buy.
Where instead of Warrior Babe being like, you know, a coaching, now it's
like, okay, upload like now you can make your own, you know, um, uh, biological
data platform where it's like you you get all their metrics and you get all
all of their and you, you know, maybe you don't even have a coach for filling
it. you just have someone that walks you through like, hey, your blood pressure
is X, you should do Y. And it's like you're a novel SAS platform. You'll
probably move more towards that. >> I agree. I agree. That's definitely the
next step. And like even that's the direction we're going. It's like
figuring out the other monetization plays that like go against the wave that
go in the direction cuz the last thing we want to do is do something that's
like AI on the back. And a lot of people I see so many people already doing it
where they're using AI in like their highest tier thing. And
>> I just don't know how long that lasts. Excuse me. I don't know how that lasts
because it's like the whole point even what you're saying is like the opposite
direction of that. It's like bespoke and unique and like this other do this
versus hey it's me but it's just me AI and it's like I grand for this and
instead of talking to the person I'm talking to the version of AI of them and
like there's value to is it worth 50 grand when someone else is selling it
for five grand or $5 a month for that. So yeah, I don't know. The AI thing is
interesting, but >> I think it's more sass. Like for
example, like before this whole AI boom happened, you had like Mr. Beast
launched View Stats. And like that was really interesting cuz that's like Mr.
Beast, I'm the number one YouTuber. I am selling you an app around YouTube
analytics. And I think what you'll probably see is like a faster feedback
loop around that, similar to what like the Calai guys are doing where it's
like, okay, I'm launching Cali. It took me a second to build this. I'm gonna ram
paid ads aggressively against and UGC aggressively against my a AI product.
I'm gonna sell that. I think what you'll see is probably like more like coaching
and info people be like, "Okay, wow, I don't have to sell a course. I can now
quickly spin up like a real estate tool or a fund or a different model to
differentiate themselves." It's kind of like like I think Blake Roa, shout out
Blake, did a really great job where he was like in order to differentiate his
info product, he was like, "Okay, um instead of just selling like Airbnb
coaching, I'm going to sell you Airbnb coaching with a SAS." I think what
you'll see is a faster like we're going to sell SAS products like on the back
end of or maybe the entire product instead of a course. And I think AI will
expedite that less so than it's like ah like get into Amazon FBA and you get my
AI like it's that's not as cool, right? And I don't think that will work as
well. >> So within [ __ ] you're saying you could
do that. So you would be able to sell the info and then you would just create
an app inside there that's private or unique to your group.
>> Yeah, we're already starting to do that, right? So like we did a hackathon
yesterday. We partnered with actually like a crypto uh company. was like if
you build the best app with the most usage, you get $500,000. And we had like
70 like of really smart like SAS developers come in and start building W
apps. And so some of them built like um an email marketing tool, an AI Shopified
Shopify building tool, a GBT agent where you could white label it to make it
warrior babe agent or and like a bunch of other unique exper like some of them
even built like loans where it's like you can take your [ __ ] M data and then
get a credit line against that, right? um and and they'll fund it with like a
third party provider. So we're that's where like we're now moving towards
where it's like okay now that we have payments how do we make it so like if
you as Ryan clog warrior babe might not work as well because you you have a
white labelled solution and you don't care as much about network effects
because you're at a certain scale but for example if someone wants to be the
next warrior babe good luck but they could instantly add all of like these
[ __ ] apps to build that trainerized unique experience you have maybe with a
little bit more without having a developer and doing it in 5 minutes
That's kind of the goal. >> Yeah, that's interesting. So for the
That's so interesting. So you guys were talking about this the payments just to
like hold the thread there for a second. I saw you talking about kind of like
lines of credit like invoicing. You guys were talking about what else is included
in payments that like this first iteration was hey go to market public
anyone now and we can beat Stripe fees and we can do like the general
transaction portion. We can do rebuilling. We can do you know
whatever's there. Plus, again, I it is a superpower and it kind of exists within
Stripe with uh uh CLA, affirm, Afterpay, I think are the three core ones,
>> but like you can like toggle them on or get approved. You guys having that with
the two you have right now for uh CLA and Split mainly.
>> Yeah, >> it's huge. Like just me telling you like
from a standpoint of someone who like runs these things and like the sales
reps having to use forms and being able to go to one dedicated form and like
have these options in one UI and then now even embed them is like a big step
in the right direction just in itself. >> Sure.
>> And then like beyond that what you said there's invoicing there's credits
there's what? >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like I can't
speak on specifically what they're doing, but like my personal my personal
take is like why wouldn't you have your W dashboard and do your QuickBooks or
why wouldn't you also launch your webinar in your W dashboard or why
wouldn't you go crazy if you >> Yeah. Right. Like why why wouldn't you
um make a bunch of Warrior Babe branded VCC's that you give all of your sales
reps, right? So, I think it's more more like like the payments game is
complicated and I and I and I and I actually give Stripe a lot of like kudos
and and anyone trying to go into payments a lot of a lot of like you know
my admiration because it's more complicated than you think under the
hood. Um >> yeah, that's kind of my question though
is like why at some point like where do you draw the line
>> on like what you guys build versus someone who's like the best at it ever?
>> Yeah. >> And then like you just integrate.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I would say there there's an interesting like thing called bundling
and unbundling of software. And so it's either you unbundle something if you're
building a software company or you bundle something. And what I mean by
that is um unbundling would be like the chat GPT API. That's like you get the
API, you can that's what they sell. They sell an API for it or or um you know uh
Broadcom or Cisco. That's like unbundling. They're literally selling
you the hardware to run your business. And then there's bundling where like
Stripe is actually a bundle of Visa, Mastercard, MX, and their relationship
with Cloner, Afterpay, Affirm. That's like a bundled product. And then they're
using Fifth Third Bank as like their treasury provider. It's not actually
Stripe. There's a bank underwriting it. And and they're actually Stripe is
actually built almost entirely on Cross River Bank, which is which is a neo bank
that actually powers everything under the hood, right? And that's a bundle.
And so for us like where our value is is like yeah we're not going to make our
own Visa Mastercard MX network. We actually route transactions through
Stripe under the hood as one of our processors. We're not going to be
Stripe. But where we think our unique value is is if you're trying to start an
online internet business there there you're there's like no one's nailed that
aspect of I can simply go to one platform and I can make money online and
I get cool new ideas and I can go to market really quickly. No one's really
done that. And so our equivalent of bundling is like, okay, maybe you do
want invoicing, maybe you do want VCC's, maybe you do want treasury products,
maybe you do want to launch a webinar. And so that's kind of what we're trying
to move towards is like specifically for online businesses and, you know, maybe
even soon physical businesses. How do we bundle the most useful tools together so
you don't have to think about anything else?
>> Yeah, >> it's super interesting. That's a super
interesting way because it's like >> it goes back and forth on like where you
draw the line, but >> when you like financing for example, sorry, my
brain is like spinning. But so like for example, I was talking to someone the
other day and they're like, "Oh yeah, like at certain scale like you create
your own financing arm and like you have your whole own financing entity and like
you are like the bank who does the financing, you finance yourself and like
doing all this stuff and I was like I don't want to do that. Like I don't want
to do that. Like we're I'm not in that business." And so like we stopped it
there, but like you guys have the ability to do that. Like you could
create what you could be one of your financing partners for example and be
one of those instead of leveraging their whole setup integration. You don't do
that yourself right now. >> Sure.
>> But >> yeah, I don't know the the marketplace
the it's just everywhere. I don't know how you guys focus or like
>> it's like >> focus is so tough, right? Like for me
even starting a week I literally only have one thing I'm focusing on that's
hiring. like that's actually the only thing I'm focusing on. I have an
existing team, right? So, I think it's like that that is the aim of the game,
right? Like it's just literally just like focus. That's like the hardest
part. I think the the thing that I think we do really well and and I think where
Steven crushes and and Cameron and Steve do an amazing job is they uh understand
the horistics that actually matter, right? They understand like no ma like
okay yes we could add your in the invo we could add invoicing right now if we
wanted to it doesn't take us long to ship we get that live in 30 minutes it's
not that's not that hard what actually is the harder part is how do we make
invoicing happen in our API which doesn't jumble our entire API and make
the building blocks that we we use internally super convoluted and
confusing and create a bunch of tech debt that's like and for for for for
example for you it's like okay yeah we could roll out our financing product
easily raise a bunch of debt financing. We could create a syndication like no no
issues at all. But like that adds like how do we like how do you make in our
API like what a financing track transaction is? How do you define what
debt is in our API? How do you manage that at scale? Right? So it's more like
the focus and and and it's is more like what do you remove not necessarily what
you add. And like I think the reason why we can do so much is we're not actually
building the apps. We're actually building the architecture for the apps
and then we're then we've got one person marketing aggressively focusing on we
need people building WO apps. Right? So I would say it does sound like we're
doing a lot but what we're really doing is we're just saying like we're building
the core infrastructure making that really good and letting third parties
build on top of us. Like we don't we don't actually have our own financing
solutions. We've just done really smart uh deals with like Split for example
where they're upkeeping all of it. They're they're for example responsible
and all we're doing is just bundling you know to make it more accessible to more
people. >> Yeah. No 100%. So you said it on the
last one but like people coming there getting their idea doing that like how
much do you guys see comes from because you have like a whole network effect
system going on with like the discovery feed and like I even get trapped in
there sometimes. I'll be like I'll log in something in the dashboard and I'll
like click on another tab and all of a sudden I'm like oh someone's selling how
to do this or like how to do this thing and I'm like that's one like weekend
adventure to learn how to do that. So like you guys obviously have all the
data and tracking and different people get affiliated from that and like crazy
[ __ ] But how much do you see that people do that
>> like they jump from or that like they use the discover feed for example and
that people are actually like that's a source of traffic for their business
>> or I would say like 5 to 10% of our our volume comes from discover.
>> That's a lot. >> I would say I would say I would I would
say like in terms of I we've got a long way to go. Like I
think my ideal like now that we're getting clear on segments like I would
love to have like a coaching segment of the marketplace and it's like you can
like the value for new you now is like you probably don't care that much about
discover because you were on a high ticket product right but if I listed
Warrior Babe and got you email addresses and that was a really efficient way to
get you emails and people opting in that's probably a more valuable
discover. And so I would say the discover is like okay. It's a little bit
all over the place. Like we're kind of working on it. We're AB testing it. It's
interesting. Um but I I would say we're very soon going to start moving towards
like okay how do we do like how do we make discovering valuable to our
different segments, right? Um so useful but not quite yet. Yeah, like Udemi or
whatever, like log in there and it's like you type in like investment banking
and like it's like there's 5,000 courses and you just go by reviews and like you
buy one for 29 bucks and like I all the time like I do that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's sick. >> Yeah. Like some version of that and then
>> the affiliate thing is super interesting. um obviously like a growth
tool like inside just being able to toggle on affiliate and disco like for
discover but I'm wonder like >> cuz
my brain just spins every time I think about like how many different functions
and sections are inside there but see >> cuz affiliates feeds into Yeah, exactly.
Like feeds into discover feeds into like each community. But the other thing that
like Clickfunnels right now is doing or there used to be a company and I'm
blanking I think it was like striker strike point or something.
>> Yeah. the super cool thing with like lead funnels and they sold it as like a
software kind of where you opted in for someone's then you could opt into the
other list and then like all the other big guys took that like right after and
like the >> you know all the the journaling or
whatever platforms you call those the substacks and stuff they have that it's
like you're done and then you can just like quick check box
>> beehive beef hive does it like >> they have that low ticket products at
one point that I saw and then I I just heard that click funnels is doing a
version of that where you can like use someone else on the platform prelab.
>> Yeah. So, they're going to be like taking that and allowing you to use
someone else's product for your Otto or for your other thing. And like in my
mind, just like directly fits with your guys' model where it's like if I get
this crypto thing, then I also want this either app or this XYZ and like
>> Yeah, it's it's like it's um I mean I hope everyone's going to want to get
inspired and buy buys products. I think um the the only the only the tough part
is like how do you get the businesses to list on there and then like how do you
get them to find value in it and it's like it's like the end to end like I
think like the the the tough part for us is like is like okay yes we could we
could add like confetti to our checkout for example or invoicing but what is the
end toend flow look like of like an agency using invoicing but also running
their business so it's it's it's can be tough because it's like you can hyper
obsess and add all these different things, but if you don't look at it as a
whole organism, then it you kind of miss and it becomes messy later. And I think
we've made a lot of mistakes doing that a lot of times.
>> That's fair. >> Yeah.
>> All right, we're coming to an end here soonish. You got you got any final final
bullets, final amazingness of what is to come for [ __ ]
Bum bum. >> We used billion on the last one. So,
>> hey, >> we used a hundred billion as what we as
what the target was on the last on the last recording with Stephen and Cam.
>> Yeah. Gez, that that's what keeps me up at night. Like, he's got to add that 100
billion, right? Um >> I think Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Um, look,
man, I think for for us, like we just want to build dope product for for cool
people on the internet, right? And so I think like I could I could say like we
obviously want to make a [ __ ] ton of money, right? I think that would be
awesome. But um I think more so like for us like hopefully we keep talking to
really cool people and and hopefully we have more conversations to anyone
listening to this and you know whatever you want to do on the internet I hope we
can build for that and and you find value in it. Like as long as we're doing
that I think I think we'll do you know great things.
>> Well shill your thing. So what so sales reps can come in. Are they New York
specific based? Is it going to be remote? It's excellent.
>> It's all new. It's all New York. Um, you have to like, funnily enough, I always
like to say this whenever someone says, "Oh, can't I be remote?" Oh, like Zoom
is a fully in person company, dude. Come on now. Um, so it's fully in person. Um,
130k base. You get a percentage of the GM the gross profit you close. Top reps
make about a million a year. A mill to 1.2 per year. You get equity um at our
previous valuation. million. They're making a million bucks cash flow like or
in equity. >> A million dollars like in cash plus
equity. >> Wow.
>> Yeah. Pre pre-tax. Um about like the highest is like 1.2 mil in a in a year.
Um yeah. I mean if you're if you're running
it our best hires being growth operators or agency owners that are making like 10
to 100K per month, they're like, "Oh [ __ ] like I actually want to do cool
things." And and um we normally hire those. So if anyone's listening that
does that like you can still run your agency as long as it's not taking up
100% of your time. >> Yeah, that's amazing. And then they're
going to be responsible for going after a segment or their you know that. Okay.
Very cool. >> I what we do right now is we do like a
7-day we do two interviews 7-day in person trial and then we get like get
like existing sales reps as pods with the trial hire and then we pin them
against each other for like seven days. So, um, if you if you want to do cool
things and be your own entrepreneur, it's kind of an interesting way to do it
in a company. >> Yeah, I love it. All right. Well, cool.
I'll put your X below this, but you're >> Gro
is. All right. Cool. You're amazing. We can maybe talk about our our stuff
public one day soon, but until we leave it.
>> Appreciate you, dude. >> Appreciate you. Talk soon. Yeah.