TITLE: Our Info/Coaching Biz Did $5.4M Last Month (Live Q&A)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7fXq42fVfk
VIEWS: 2268 | DURATION: 00:38:16
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back with a weekend Q&A round 12. All these questions here were submitted to the request box over the last week or so, and today I'm going to answer every single one of them. Everything from biggest lesson during 5 million a month that we hit for the first time last month, scaling from 10 to 100K, info plus software stacks, all of the things, and we're going to answer all of them. All right. Last year, we did 30 million in our info coaching business. We've now crossed over, I think it's actually over 84 million in total cash collected, and I'm not selling anything. Everything on the channel is sharing what did work, what didn't work, and what we are actively doing to scale to 100 million a year. All with the goal of finding top talent, opportunities, and networking with cool people building cool things. Okay, so let's get into it. I got coffee, sparkling water, and I need one of these for this. So, biggest lesson during your 5 million a month that is applicable to everyone watching. Thanks and much love from Blick. Blick, I love you on X. You're great. Um, biggest lesson that's applicable to everyone. Um the biggest thing that I could say direct uh we did a renewal special. Um Iman calls them revenue generating events. You can call it whatever you want. Um but a big focus on LTV backend product side more so than the hamster wheel of acquisition. Um so we did very large in the front end as well. Actually a record month on the front of new customers as well. So, not say it was just that, but we had a very high amount of renewals and those are also very profitable because they only have a cost to fulfill. Okay? So, when you sell a customer on the front, let's say it's $10,000, you're selling on the front end. Uh, you have acquisition costs that are your sales and your marketing costs. So, if you have a 4x roz, you're spending $2,500 to acquire a customer. Let's say you're paying a sales rep 10%. So, you're paying them $1,000 to sell that 10k thing. So just there alone your $3,500 in and you only have $6,500 in profit from that unit and then you have to pay to fulfill on it. So let's say your cost uh your coach is $1,000 bucks for the year to fulfill on this or whatever your math is. Okay. So at that you're only making you know 50 it costs what was that $5,500 in total costs. Um so you're keeping $4,500 on that. So 45% margin. I think I did that math right? 35 around there. But then on the back you have no acquisition costs. Um, so when you renew that person for the second year, let's say in this example, and you get another 10,000, you're only paying the coach to fulfill on that. So you're only paying a thousand bucks on the back. So it's a 90% margin. So that's roughly to say the math of how it worked for us. So it was very good in uh revenue, cash collected, and profit month for us. Uh, and I feel that is applicable to everyone. Um, and then the other piece of it is we just did more of the same. We just did more of the same. So more spend into more uh leads which turn into applications which turn into calls uh which turns into having more sales reps to take more call volume has more coaches to fulfill on what you sell. Um and yeah so we just kind of scaled up more of the same uh once the metrics are kind of in pocket and you feel comfortable scaling. What is the plan to scale this leads in? Well uh what is the plan to scale to 10 million a month? How do you see info coaching education shifting over the next 3 to 10 years and break down low to get essential following renal and h running and how your front-end messaging sets the buyer out forc engine. Okay, so first question what is the plan to scale to 10 million a month. Um majority sake is more of the same. Um so not we don't have plans to go wider uh really in any capacity. uh we are doing stuff on the back end to make sure that the retention renewal engine is there both for the same offering as well as having other offerings on the back uh which we have never done. So having which we already rolled out basically a downell continuity so keeping them in with less touch points uh which means less cost to fulfill um and a lower price point for them. So has like higher percentage margin um as a percentage um but the dollars are less. So we have a plan for that. But again, when you start to do things like that or add other accessory XYZ piece, like let's say you have an affiliate software you can add into there, like it's very marginal in comparison to the this large number that you're targeting, right? So, it's amazing still. It's generally speaking like purely profit or more so because like I said with the acquisition versus fulfillment costs, but that's the goal is to ramp up more. So, we are hiring aggressively right now for the front end. Marketing metrics are very close to in pocket. Um, and now it's just an optimization game now that we have multiple frontends that we're focused on. We have multiple channels that we're focused on. Um, so we can continue to bring the cost down on the acquisition uh on the marketing side and then the cost per uh or the acquisition of the sales side also will be going down once those KPIs are kind of better in pocket, but we're hiring into it. So, we're kind of aiming to be a little bit fatter on that part of things. basically meaning the KPIs can slip a little on the sales section um so that we can scale up and grow through that and grow through attrition in that way. Uh we're also layering in things like financing. We haven't really used a ton of financing. So we're laying in some financing pieces that I think are going to be good that align with the program term so that we're not uh hurting ourselves on the back with renewals because we are playing a long game here, not just a short game. Um so that piece. Next, how do you see the info coaching? I'm sorry I call it info coaching but info education space shifting over the three to uh three the next three to 10 years. Wow, can't speak today. Sorry. Um so over the next three to 10 years I mean I think niche education is going to be huge. I think it already is huge. I think it's going to continue to be huge. Um so I think the space is going to continue to grow. I think AI is going to layer a lot of things in with access to this information uh in a structured and personalized way for the person, for you, for your client. Um that might make it so you can't charge 10K for the personalized XYZ thing when they can just AI personalize this person's process if it's shared somewhere um and then to themselves. The big thing that a lot of people pay for and they pay higher and higher tiers for is to get things done for them. So like the scale is generally do-it-yourself all the way up to done for you in terms of implementation. So someone is wants uh a treehouse in their backyard. To do it yourself, you'll pay 50 bucks for an ebook on how to do it and then you'll pay $500 for someone to come into your backyard and build that exact one. Right? So you're getting the same thing. You're willing to pay more because you're getting more of the implementation, more of the result, quicker likelihood it's going to happen, all that stuff. Um there's also the model where it is proximity. So closer to the guru, closer to the person, personalized for you, that land up here. And if AI replaces a lot of the personalization piece, that might bring that down. It will bring that down um and commoditize that more. So I do still think that niche education is huge. I think community is huge, community-led. Um I had a great call with Nick Fischer. It's live on YouTube on this channel. um that he talks about that where community-led and the cult style um having that and having the offerings in there versus just cold with all the noise and all all the eyeballs and everyone's running stuff and AI on the front um I think it's going to be huge. So, break down our low ticket ascension funnel you're running and how your front-end messaging sets up the buyer for ascension. Um another good video on channel is Jason Fladdlin. Um he's the webinar guy. He's 250 million plus in webinars um that he's run and yeah he just did Ian's webinar and they did 10 million profit on that. He was part of that launch um just on Ank and did a huge launch. So but he basically was talking about how in the past when there was high ticket guys and they would refuse to sell anything low ticket because if you sold something low ticket then you were viewed as cheap and then it brought down the value of your high ticket thing. Nowadays the market has shifted to where low ticket is something more viewed as a sample. you're sampling the person uh or what you're going to buy versus now categorizing them as cheap. So for us, for example, it's a sub $100 product um that they will buy. It's we're calling it ascension because the it's not optimized for AOV. So we want to obviously get the cost per acquisition of the low ticket down as far as possible. But the real goal of it is to ascend somebody. So there's no upsells, downells, cross sales, none of that. The focus is right on the thank you page, push them to book a call that is onboarding, implementation, XYZ. They then book that call and it's with a setter and then the setter if they're qualified frames them and sets them with a closer and it's kind of like a two call close situation. Um so for us the idea was take basically a piece of info that you would exist that would exist in the coaching. So basically like layer it down break it down by its modules it's its pieces its trainings whatever and then it's a little piece of that as information on the front uh in this low ticket. So the biggest thing you can do or you should not do is sell something that is completely not aligned. Like let's say say you're selling men's fitness coaching and then down here you're selling a woodworking product like no one is going to ascend from this to this or extremely low rate and with little consistency. You need them in alignment but you also cannot cannibalize is another big thing. So too much of this backend offering in the frontend offering. You don't want to do that. Um like I said implementation is a big one. So you can you can at some level do that depending on how your offers are set up and your framing setup. Um, and then another one that I heard the other day is someone was running like worldwide traffic, for example, and they only actually did this the backend product for US-based. So, they had all these people buying in all these countries. It was driving the cost down. They were like, "Oh, this is amazing." But, they were still losing money per purchase and the backend only supported one country. So, it's like you have to be kind of logical about this or whatever you want to call that. Um, there's some obvious things that you need to make sure that are important to ascend from low ticket to high ticket. Um, and Josh Gavin talks about this a lot. I was just on his channel and we're good friends, so he talks about this a lot. What is the difference between a marketing strategist and an operator? Uh, would you see yourself as a marketer or an operator? Um, I would fall much more in the operator, system, tech, problem solve bucket than I would in the marketer. Um, marketing is a method. Marketing is extremely important and like I a lot of the time wish I had more marketing skills and I do trainings and watch content and stuff around marketing to make sure that I can learn as much as I can. But by no means by trade am I a copywriter offer creation 0ero to1 person um like ideiation style. I understand all the math. I understand all the systems. I understand a bit of the framing on why this wouldn't happen to this. So it's not just math to me. I understand the context. Um but in terms of like spinning something up from scratch that is not something I've done. Um, I actually just the other day came up with a marketing angle and sent in like probably for one of the first times ever and everyone liked it and I was like very proud of that because I don't generally speaking live in that land. Um, so a lot of the time I've said this a lot but a lot of the time I view it as this industry this info coaching the roles not necessarily the people but the roles are you're going to have your expert your guru your person. You then have a marketer and this is kind of the classic like go growth operator setup where a marketer will come in and build the business around them and scale it through marketing. But when you get to a certain size and you want to go from offer to business, you generally speaking need the operator side. You need the system thinking, you need the scale, you need the leadership, you need the team. Um, which is more so operating than it is marketing obviously. Um, so that does not mean it has to be three people. In our case, in our business, it is three people. Um, but that's just kind of the buckets we ended up and how we've kind of learned to do it thus far. But I know a lot of people that are marketers and operators and they uh they connect with an expert. So hopefully that helps. What are the most important things that need to be in place to take an offer call funnel from 10K to 100K a month? This is going to completely depend on your economics because I don't know if you're selling one unit at 10K or if you're selling five units at 2K or what it is. Um because if it's the five units at 2K and your KPIs are in pocket and you're spending a thousand bucks to make 10,000 bucks on ads, like it there's more math that I need I would need to see in order to make a proper call on this. But generally speaking, it's just more the same. So if the metrics are good, it's spending more. It's doing more organic. It's doing whatever that's generating the flow. But if you're getting 10% close rates, like there's things that you need to change before you go to 100K a month from 10K. So, you need to have the metrics that make sense and the KPIs in how you're getting leads, the consistency of your lead flow, the consistency of your sales cycle. Um, and then kind of just knowing your numbers across this in order to scale it up. But assuming those are good, it's more of the same. So, sticking to one channel, sticking to one offer, sticking to one thing, and just refining it until the KPIs are good, and then scaling it up uh on the front, which is generally whatever your traffic sources. So, more organic clicks, uh, more paid, whichever. How much personal income should you have when you make 400k a month cash collected in the company? I don't I need more information. Oh, yeah. What's healthy? We run a consulting business where the net profit is about 100K, so 25%. So, you're making $100,000 a month in net on your 400. Very paid ad driven, so smaller margins than others. Does it even make sense to keep a lot of money in the company in this business model except from emergency 3 to six months expense fund? Uh, no it does not. Because if you are saying that you're reinvesting and you're reinvesting, like if you're reinvesting in ads, you need to know your metrics so well that you know that when you put a buck in, you get three bucks out and that's where it stays. And when you go and and just keeping it in here is not just doesn't make sense. So, I've heard different people talk about this. We're actually talking about this right now because now we're at this different scale and size and we want the money to earn interest and do kind of some of these other things. But generally speaking, most people go like three payrolls. So depending on what that is. So like basically your overhead times three or like what it would cost you if you got zero clients for the next month or 6 weeks more so uh what would that look like? So a lot of people do that 3 to 6 months is extended. That's a lot more. Uh unless you don't have consistency on the front. Like if this is a new business and you don't have consistency and trust that then yeah you probably want to go out further just because the worst thing ever is when you pull it out and you have it in your land or you pay tax on it or whatever and then you have to put it back in because you took too much out. Um, so that's just not ideal. Um, but these business models, consulting, info coaching, cash flow, like that style of business are cash flow businesses generally speaking, when you're reinvesting in the business, that is like not real. That's not actually happening. Um, you reinvest when you're truly like investing it back into the business that is going to be worth more later in whatever way in cash flow and equity, which again, as a consulting business generally not in equity. Um, it's not super my lane, but yeah, I mean, at 100K, I I would need to know, but like how much you stack up into the account would then be, yeah, six weeks, let's call it, of your fixed expenses and and variable, too. If you're spending into ads, for example, like you need to know what the future cash needs are. Um, upwards of a couple months and then, yeah, pull the rest. Pull the rest. Pull the rest. always creative brainstorm offer surrounding integrating AI into thinking for entrepreneurs and business owners aka teaching them how to build context models of their personal professional decision-making and find blind spots creating leverage what unique mechanisms come from your from your from the hip thinking to angle traffic I would if I'm understanding this correct I would pay for this um I constantly am like oh I hit the memory limit on this thing or I'm trying to just have this full understanding and this full conversation with AI based on all these things about me and I can't like it stops or like I don't know how to fully use it and like I've actually decided that once I get things to a point where I have like which I'm already kind of at right now where I have more of this free time you could say or like less required time is a better way to say it uh for me but less required time on things where am I going to deploy that time and what's higher leverage I think I'm going to lean into this a lot um for myself just so I can be more in the no because obviously it's growing and growing and should have done it a year ago should have done it two year like I'm I can only do what I'm here now um but for angle the cold traffic. It's Yeah, I mean it's around you're just making the person more productive. You're making the person be able to move quicker. You're buying them time. Um you're buying them a lot of time. So yeah, I I mean I love this idea. I think you need to if it's what I think you're saying, which is like basically train it on me, not on necessarily how I've made decisions in the past cuz that's not necessarily like I can already make a decision like I can make a decision right now. It's more so where can I get more information. Um, but it having context of everything that's going on. It has context of my finances. It has kind context of my relationships. It has context of my um team and our our numbers and our metrics and what funnels were and like all of that stuff. If it had access to all of that and I could ask questions in different directions and and plan out and try and scope out different directions, that would be huge. Um, because if I was like, "Oh, cool. Let's say we want to run a bunch into this funnel instead and then do this. We know it's going to be double the lead to call time, but I want to go from here to here and then based on my personal goals of this and that. Like if I could do all of that uh in one, that'd be amazing. So offers, I don't know what you mean by that, but I talked about our offers. We went from low ticket recurring. That was like basically a non-start. I was basically up to 100K a month, but we were spending aggressively into it. Um that was when I started when I joined the team. I'm a co-owner, not a co-founder. Um and then from there, we moved to a phone funnel. So, VSSL opt-in funnel and we were selling an info product and that's how we got to a million a month and then we're basically humming at a million a month with pretty good really good margins because it was an info product with no um no fulfillment costs really whatsoever. Uh and then we moved to one to one coaching for a higher ticket and then that's how we went from 1 to 3 million a month. Um and this last month we just hit five for the first time. Um and yeah, I have a 1K info plus software product I sell over the phone with a 40% close rate. Um, I saw an email the other day from a hormoney minute thing that said that once you're into these ranges, I think it was a little bit higher than this, you need to increase your prices, which I thought was interesting. Um, I feel a one to one one to many approach could help me scale faster for sure. Um, because this is low for on the phone. You can sell the basic math, the basic numbers that people say is 2K. You can sell in like an auto webinar, VSSL, direct to cart. Um, and then anything above 2K, which is not necessarily 100% true. I know people who send five and 10k payment links in DMs and get, you know, and checkouts without getting on the phone. But it just depends on like what the communication is or the consumption is more. So, who's coaching or mentoring do you recommend for a direct toart? Um, so if it's like this mid ticket style thing, not low ticket, generally it's going to be like webinar style stuff. So Jason Fladlin has I I think he has courses on this that are um education material, but there's a lot of guys um I don't specifically know any like right off the rip, but you want to find somebody who's doing this and also willing to teach it and coach on it, but find somebody who's done it before in you know the last year um and who's scaling into it. So I just bought Jason's book. It's literally called one to many. Um so yeah, that's probably a good start. When it comes to selling had to get fitness coaching, what price points have you found to be effective? For context, I'm partnering with a fitness coach who offers a 16week program. What's 16 weeks? 4 8 12 is that four months? 48. Yeah. Uh designed to help busy full-time working men lose 15 to 35 pounds within that time frame. We're currently pricing it at 2K and selling through sales calls. So four months, 2K, you're selling it for $6,000 a year and selling through sales calls, but I feel we might be undervaluing the offer. Ideally, we'd like to price it at 4 to 6K. In your experience, what have you seen as a realistic price point for BTOC fitness market? Um, so there are much higher. So we'll we'll just say we're around that pricing. We're a little bit higher than that and we sell only annual. Um, we have paid plans and stuff that get a little bit closer to that, but are are still higher than that. So depending on your target market is one big thing. So, there is another one that I'm sure you guys have seen ads for, The Crush. Um, big respect to them, but they do mid millions a month. Um, and they sell specifically to like high performers, business owners, that kind of thing. So, theirs is I've heard I I don't know the exacts, but I've heard 8 to 10 for the year. Um, and upwards of like 20 plus depending on like what's included with blood work and like these other offerings. Um, but yeah, you can definitely go higher than that. And then, yeah, just figuring out the payment plan when you when you zoom in on that time frame. um you are selling the results in that quick. So it's like seen as higher value in my opinion um and like the result is higher because it's oh cool I get to achieve this thing in four months they pay for the result of that especially if you're saying the results is I'm going to help you lose 15 to 35 pounds. So yeah so you can definitely go up in that and then just test it. I mean especially if you're doing it over the phone. So you can just you know gauge the conversation. You can test it for a week or I mean longer than that usually you want to test for like two weeks. um but x amount of calls you want to test at and go from there. But raising is good. Raising is good. Um it just helps everything when you sell to a fluent market. Um more or less everything is easier and they're easier customers and they're better XYZ. So um is this the same question? Uh how do you price your high ticket coaching program? I I want to launch mine in the near future and I'm trying to figure out how to price it. Horoszi says you want to target gross margin of 80% for your service your product. So yeah, that's meaning that it's 20% cost to fulfill, right? Yeah. So I'm just clarifying. Um high ticket coaching program is somewhat service based. It's definitely service based. Uh so that would be cost of goods plus fulfillment costs. Basically, I'd price my product around 15K to get 80% margin after total cost of goods. That would leave plenty of room for sales commissions, afford a higher CPA, but it's a non-make money niche, so I worry about going over the 10K price point to a consumer. If we did 10k as a price, it's only 61% margin. Leaves less room for a CPA, total profit, etc. Factoring in sales. How do you guys land on seven? Sorry, ours is not seven, but it's close to uh for your niche, which is also not make money. Um, so yeah, it's going to be tighter in the front and that's why the initial thing I was talking about is the back end. Um, so you always want to be able to drive those down as much as possible. So, like the Hormosi example here of 80%, so let's say you're selling your thing for 7K. That means it's going to cost you $1,400 20% um to pay a coach. And then you're going to have your CPA, you're going to pay 10% of your um 7K. So, you're going to pay $700 in commissions. And then you have your CPA, which is this variable number that goes up, down, left, right, depending on your traffic source and your acquisition type and all that kind of stuff. So, you just want to make sure that you're really in control of these. The acquisition side of the business is your biggest lever on there because once you figure out uh I mean all of them are levers. All of them are levers. So, like I'm going to tell you right now, you can get the cost to fulfill that at less. I mean, it depends. It depends on the term. It depends on how much support you have. It depends on like all these different things. But if you can get your cost to fulfill like I know people who have their cost to fulfill at 6% sub in non-make money online niches. So your cost fill is 6% which would make this 94%. Right? And then your CPA then it's all a CPA and acquisition. What do you pay a closer? Is it 10%? What do you pay on CPA? Can you get it down to a,000 bucks? Um so these different levers and then the big thing is the back, right? So then on that 7K when they renew at that 7K number, all you're paying is your whatever 500 or 1400 or whatever to pay your uh coach to the fulfillment side of things and you don't have a CPA and you don't have a sales rep uh costs. you don't have those pieces. So, it's very profitable on the back end. You have a much much higher um contribution overhead. So, yeah. Um but if you are just I mean you always want to make it so you can try and make as much margin on the front. But the real the real businesses are how much can you continue to sell to that person? What other offerings do you have? What other things, what are the renewals, all that so you make a lot of the the true margin on the back. Um but you don't want to just like burn it on the front either. So, it's just kind of a game. Um, but we landed on this overtime over growth. So, we were at like 5K and then 6K and then 7200 and then I don't know if we actually tried over, but we talked about higher. So, yeah. And like I said in non-make money niche up here, like I know someone who's selling a 10K non-make niche. Um, so yeah. How do you view the difference between cold traffic VSSLs and warm ones? Uh, especially in fitness space. I drive most of my traffic from YouTube organic. So, viewers usually know me and have already seen at least one video, but I've been building up my VSSLs like they're for cold traffic with long copy, heavy proof, deba education, and detailed breakdown of my mechanism. Do you think warm traffic VSSLs can be shorter and more direct? I'm wondering if I'm overbuilding it for an audience that already has context. Yeah, I mean, you're definitely right. Like, if you view it as extremes, like extreme over here where you're, you know, introducing yourself and going from zero and doing this whole massive buildout and over here is just like buy my and just like here's a link. um you want to land a little bit in the middle so it can be shorter. Um you still want to give the context, you still want to sell it, you still want to introduce the mechanism, you still want to um depending on how you want to do it, either pitch the offer right there in your VSSL on page or not. Um depending on how much throughput you want or depending on how much you know because it's framing before they apply or book a call or do whatever. Um but we were just talking about this the other day. If you have the application direct on page, so if you use a DTA app, so like headline VSSL app right under it that shows immediately, it really doesn't matter as much. So, like you could still go full boore for the people that maybe come in a little bit colder, but just having the application on page, like somebody who already has contacts will more or less skip the VSSL, even if it's a long one, even if it's a short one, and they'll just apply direct. So, you kind of get like two birds, one stone by having a really good VSSL that works for cold. Um, but you I mean, you don't have to go you don't want to like opt in and you have that whole flow through there. We're just talking about this the other day because we have had ours forever go to an opt-in funnel from organic and we've never been big organic people. So, we're now going to move it over to a direct application uh tomorrow because we want to test this out for x amount of time because we saw the amount of clicks versus the amount of uh leads versus the amount of calls and the throughput wasn't high enough. And my assumption is exactly what you're saying is they've consumed our content. They go to this page and it's gated and they're like, "Oh, I don't want to opt in for this free training. I already have like context. I'll just go to the website and apply or XYZ." So, we're just going to put the application button straight through there. So, it'll just go straight to app basically. Um, with a VSSL above it, just so there's more context. Hopefully that helps. Um, sorry, I just submitted one, but wanted to provide more detail. My topic request is if you go over bench Oh, cool. Look at that. Two in one. Could go over benchmark metrics of your funnel. I have a similar funnel, but I know I want to optimize for because I don't know what benchmarks each step I should be aiming. For example, uh, we expect 10% of all optins to fill out an app. Of those 10%, we expect 25% to book a call and four. Okay. So, you're talking about a VSSL opt-in funnel. um this very it's really about what the costs are more than the percents but like there are kind of some B benchmark um benchmark numbers. So, you know, a good opt-in rate is 25, 30, whatever percent, let's say. So, 100 people will go I wish I had like a little thing. Um, but 100 people will land on the page. 30 of them will opt in. Of those 30 that opt in, you want call it Ours are so blended that it's kind of like but like 15 plus, let's say. So, you want 15 plus% of those people to then uh apply. from the people that apply. You want, you know, Jeremy Haynes would say you just mix them in one. It should be 100% of the people that apply, then book a call. We have ours split. So, ours is like 60 to 70%. It's like closer to 70 now. So, of those people that apply, 60% of them then book uh 60 to 70% book a phone call. Of the people who book a phone call, you want to optimize for 70% show rates. It's usually lower 50%. So, then 50% of them show. And then good close rate is something close to 30 plus percent should be like the baseline standard. Um, 40%'s amazing. So, yeah, that's kind of your blended blended blended across. Um, and I can do I mean, I kind of want to do math with you real quick, but I will wait. Um, pricing. At what close rate should I consider raising price? Actually, I want to go back to this. So, this it's all about the cost. So, if you're selling something that's $10,000 versus you're selling something that's $1,000, it's very important that your opt cost, your app cost, your booking cost, your showed booking cost, and your and your closed cost and like all the way across are in alignment and make sense. And you can see where they break both on the percents and the dollars, but like the economics could just be completely wrong from the jump. If you see that your cost per call, like knowing your cost per call is $500 or let's use $1,000 so I can do easy math. If it's $1,000 for a cost per call and you have a and on average it's 50% show rates, it's $2,000 to get someone on the phone and in the beginning or when they're training or whatever it's a 25% uh close rate. Like what what I say 2,000 25% so times four $8,000 cost per purchase. Like you have to be in the, you know, 25k range in order to sell something like that for good, you know, front end or for good cash collection and and rorowes. So yeah, you got to like you got to play this game to know what your cost per call can be because it's kind of your first like core metric in there. But then knowing those percents is very important. So um and there's other funnels you can use to leverage and other acquisition methods if you want to do things like the low ticket ascension is much harder I think to crack in my opinion. I would always go here. I would start with a DTA though. Like if you're actually starting um I would start without an opt-in just because you want more throughput. Uh in my opinion pricing at what close rate should I consider raising pricing? Um is that how your business did it? So, we've talked about this one, but yeah, Hormosi just said one. It's basically like work it you just work on it until it's at 30% and then once it's at 30% like you're in the honeypot. Once you're at 40% like consider it, I think you said and then 50% like raise it and beyond. Um, so yeah, it's basically like depending on if your close rate is so good and it's a function of close rate, not cash, especially if you're doing volume. Because if you're starting to do volume and you're like, "Oh, we're doing way better and like all these are just like flowing in." It's like, no. But the metric is as a percentage. as a percentage of what live calls you have. How many of them are closing? First off, love your channel. Thanks. Been following your content closely and learning a ton. You're one of the few people that actually makes sense. Quick rundown. I'm I'm publishing an anxiety coach. When we started, she was actually losing money and now we're making organic sales every day through her Instagram and Facebook. She sells a $50 low ticket product. Amazing. I have a funny story about this. Uh we split profits 5050 and I'm currently making about $100 a day in profit. Amazing. So, you're making three grand a month. I'm doing everything. Wait, so if you're making $100 a day in profit and she's doing organic, you guys are selling four of these a day, I would assume. Um, I'm doing everything. Posting stories, carousels, long form content, writing emails, running the backend, reaching out to collabs, basically building and operating the whole machine. It's working. She grew from 9 to 13K on Instagram, built her email from zero to,200. And we're getting daily sales with zero ad spend. I'm planning to add a high ticket offer soon. Not US-based, so it's reasonable for our market. If it's direct to cart, maybe go down. Uh, I know it'll help, but bigger picture, I don't want to be stuck in fulfillment. What I really want is to scale a publisher. I want to build more partnerships like this. So, when you're saying stuck in fulfillment, you mean stuck in operating her entire thing, not literally fulfilling the anxiety coaching, I assume. Um, what I really want is to scale as a publisher. I want to build more partnerships like this, focus on the offer, the content, the system, and hand it off to the delivery. I know I've got something that works. I just don't want to stall out at 100 a day. Yeah, that's very small. um in in comparison to like what a market can go to. So what should be my next move? Would you generally appreciate? So all right, this is no offense when I say this is small, but like you know you making $3,000 a month from this and that being 50% of profit means the business is profiting $6,000 a month in profit. Like you can add zeros to that before you need like the question is is can the market sustain this higher is she the person or I think you said she quick down where yeah she was actually losing money so if she is the person if she can be a good expert and if the market can grow to level which it can definitely over this um you're saying non- USbased so I don't know the country geo specific all that but yeah I mean you can definitely scale this much higher and I'm much I'm a fan of going deeper than going wider. So the second you have another one of these and you don't have because what you need to do to not be stuck in filament of this is have somebody that is then either you hire in specific to this that's the operator of this or does these chunks and pieces that you do and pull away at it which directly is going to eat your entire $6,000 a month profit um like directly. So you need to scale this up uh before you go wider in my opinion. Um, but the question is, can you scale this specific one up or does it make more sense to go to another offer that has higher upside and has a bigger market or has better economics? Like it's sold, it's higher ticket, it's whatever. Um, but like layering this in like that would immediately change this. Um, so if it's a high ticket offer that's on the back of the low ticket thing and you're selling it through a call funnel, like you can likely sell it higher than this. If you're selling it direct to cart, maybe drop it a little bit. There's financing options. There's all these things at like under 2K pricing and and and so this needs to be like a,000 bucks a day uh before you even really think about going wider or you need to stop doing this and go do another one um because you can't this the P&L of this cannot support you removing yourself. It does not make enough money. This is not big enough um fully. So there are pieces you can do like for example you saying like right here like I'm reaching out to collabs like you could have someone that does reachouts maybe that's some VA that's a couple bucks an hour or you can have um basically building what else posting stories if you want to have like a content scheduling thing or you spend Sunday you queue them all up or you pay someone to do that like that kind of stuff you can free up your time in a lot of ways but you need to scale this up higher before you can do anything else. So hopefully that was helpful. You mentioned that you set up the data and analytics in-house through BigQuery in a recent video. I was wondering how you set this up as a callunnel operator. What data sources, KPIs, dashboards are most important for your business and other businesses running call funnels? I want to offer this as a service. Do you have any tips for me starting out? I'm cedar cedar senior data analyst. Uh I hope this is the person that reached out to me in DMs. If not, please do. Yeah, so I built this and I'm not going to say that I built it the right way. Um we are now hiring people and building this in a more enterprisegrade way. Um, but essentially it's mostly about getting all of the data which is like you're going to obviously for you but like having a source of truth for so other people who run call funnels not for you because you understand data and the sources of truth and making sure everything's in one place and connected and and relational and all that but you want to have so like a callunnel for example you're going to have same thing funnel steps you're going to have the page views so who lands on the opt-in page call it and the sources in which they do so tracking where they come from um from there and and also tracking. So then you're going to have opt-ins, you're going to have leads. You're then going to have uh all the data on who views analytic or or the analytics around the VSSL watch time and all that kind of stuff. And ideally, you have it by person, not anonymized. Then they're going to go from there to apply. Then they're going to apply. Then they're going to book. Then they're going to either show or they're not or whatever disposition from the call. And then they are going to close. And there's going to be different cash amounts. There's going to be different collections. There's going to be different payment types, commissions, all that kind of stuff. So you need data at every single one of these layers. And then you want your source traffic as well or you want your source tracking as well. So like when someone opts in making sure you're tracking whatever UTM parameters or if you have it on for IP tracking or you know backend uh server side tracking with the highros or you're doing custom into your CRM and then you want to centralize all that data either into you know HubSpot into a sheet plus HubSpot whatever so it's all centralized. Um and then you want to be able to then apply cost to that. So we're we're speaking specifically to marketing here. Um, but like if you spend 10,000 on that funnel or on, you know, two different traffic sources, you want to be able to break that down and see across that funnel and then across multiple funnels. Um, so you can see your cost per on your cost per lead, your cost per call, I'm sorry, your cost per lead, your cost per app, your cost per call, your cost per live call, your cost per uh purchase, your average cash collection, your rorowaz, like these different things by funnel, by source, by all of that. Um, but it's all about standardizing the data. And then again, like the different dispositions, all that needs to live in one place. We do a majority of that in HubSpot. We're also building a custom data lake that is not BigQuery. Um is going to be inside something um that we're building right now, but I've heard people use Snowflake. I've heard people use Superbase. I've heard people use you know BigQuery of a lot of different things. Um so basically one core storage of all of that. Uh one core place that you have all of your data and then one core viewer that you use. Um that's some dynamic viewer. So, uh, Looker Studio, a data box is something that then displays that because the entire point and the reason you're doing this is that you have data that is easy to access and that you can then make decisions on and those decisions then loop back and you can see the result of the decision you made and get a feedback loop of what you're testing or trying or whatever. Um, things like VWO, um, or some of the other tools, I'm blanking right now, but you can use for split testing. Those then have their own tags, their own serverside storage that you then track into a HubSpot or one of these things so you know that this opt-in page versus this opt-in page you ran for 10 days. Which one got more opt-ins? Which one did that? So, it's basically just layering all that data, but making sure that it's standardized and stored in one. Um, but yeah, you want to offer this as a service. Yeah, people already do it and crush it. So, I'm sure you can do it as well, especially if you have this really good background. It's just making sure you have the context for XYZ funnel type. So low ticket ascension is either a purchase first or a lead from like a two-step checkout lead purchase and then whether they're doing upsells or downells. But if it's ascension, then it's a setter call, then it's a closer call. What is the show rate of the setter call? What is the contextual automations? How many touch points before they book the uh first call? What is the booking rate then to a closer call? What is the show rate then on the closer call that came from those purchases? What is the close rate on that? and you see the economics and the throughput through those. Um, but you need all the data and then you just need to report on it. So, yeah, tracking every action event and source and clicks and all the fun stuff. So, hopefully that was helpful. But that's what I got for you guys today. Um, yeah, I made videos for four months in a row every single day and they're all linked here. Um, some other stuff in the YouTube description. Drop a comment if you made it this long, 37 minutes. Um, I was going to do a video. I don't know if I'm going to do one. We did 5, what's the exact number? 5.38 uh in Stripe. So, and then another basically 100 in external. So, we did about 5.4 and some change. Last month was our biggest month ever. Um last year and this month was our biggest month ever at 3.7. So, we beat our alltime and our this year record. Um and we're leaning into it. So, I might do a video doing an overview of kind of what changed and what did that, but I kind of already gave it an overview. It's like leaned into it. We did a nice renewal special that was big. That just opens our eyes more and more to how much there is on the back end inside your customer base. Uh when you have a good product and when you have good stuff like that. Um but yeah, so we are scaling. We are leaning in. We are hiring. Uh so we're hiring right now mainly for sales so we can increase the volume of the marketing spend um and just overall bookings. Not even spend just bookings. Um because we have some other levers we pulled that are getting us now more bookings which take the blended cost down. Blah blah blah. But yeah, comment if you got this far. Give me some advice. Give me some feedback. give me some something on what you guys are up to or if you got any value out of this. So, I'll talk to you guys soon. Appreciate you.