TITLE: Stefan Georgi: The AI Direct Response Playbook for 2025 & Beyond
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p1S_mc1Myk
VIEWS: 5090 | DURATION: 01:13:02
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back with Stefan Georgie. Said correct. Yeah. >> Uh, it's George I. >> George I. It's spelled like George I, so that would make sense. Uh, but absolute king of direct response. Uh, we went to your event. What was that probably now two or three years ago, the copy accelerator event and met that's where we met Eddie Maloo for the first time like a bunch of other of these uh big guys. So, shout out you for that. But yeah, if you would uh update everyone on what you're currently up to and who you are. >> Sure. Yeah, thanks for having me. Uh so who am I? I'm a I'm a man, >> you know, uh a father and all that, but yeah, my background is direct response. Started off as a direct response copywriter in 2012. Uh have scaled a lot of DR offers and businesses uh both for clients and for myself. Kind of got more into branded ecom stuff in the early 2020s. run a mastermind called Copy Accorder or as it's currently referred to CA Pro. Uh have sold a few different businesses, sold a call center, sold an AI SAS and u currently co-founder of a tele medicine platform that is going to do like about 50 to 60 million this year. I I was saying 100 million for a while because we were on that run rate and we purposely slowed down a little bit for uh profitability because we're trying to exit from it. But um yeah, I don't know. It's hard to define myself, but you know, a DR, DTOC marketer. >> Yeah, 100%. I mean, that's that's how I know you at least, right? Like the the CA thing is crazy. Like, if I've looked back at some of the reviews on that site and like when we were looking at the long form pages, uh, our copywriter was going to join that and like you got you had all of the whales. >> Everybody who was anybody at that time in space in copy was in your land. >> Yeah, it's pretty cool. I mean, it's lasted a long time for me. It's been like I guess six years and it's gone through some different incarnations, but we've had a lot of notable alumni and people like Vshred, Golden Hippo, uh Miami MD. I mean, Peter Kell is an active member now. Um, but what's cool is like marketing has evolved a lot over the last six years. Um, DTOC has evolved a lot and one of the things I enjoy about CA Pro is that it helps me stay kind of relevant and stay like attuned to what is working. What is like the business model that people who are doing eight figures a year in DTOC type of enterprises are you know are following and obviously there's nuance and there's different business models but it really is a very valuable thing for me as well. So, I provide a lot of value, I hope, but it really helps me have an inside view into what's working constantly uh and every single year. >> Yeah, 100%. I remember when people would have on like uh they were hiring for copyriters and they were like required must have been through RM like been through your course and you just launched part two of that, right? >> I did. Yeah. >> Okay. And what's the like overview of that or what's the kind of idea behind that one? >> Yeah, it's sort of like it goes back to the idea that marketing has changed a lot. Um, so it also leverages AI a ton. Like I'm pretty heavy on on AI for pretty much all things marketing, uh, including copywriting. Uh, like I embraced that pretty early on. And I was never one of those people who felt like, uh, AI can't write copy. Like I there's still people out there who try to find reasons that AI, you know, isn't as good and whatever, but I'm like this this is dumb. Like it it's absolutely as good. um or or you know is absolutely as good as like 97% of copyriters and then with the right tweaks or a little bit of human knowledge you know you can get to be as good as the very best people and so it was sort of updating processes and things using AI um and also a lot of talk about kind of platform specific journeys and more context like I think when I made the original R&B method which for those watching who don't know what that is it was like a copyrightiting course and methodology and it was great but I a lot of it kind of existed in a vacuum at the time even in 2019 for D TOC a lot of it was just like video sales letters so it was like run ad to video sales letter on a page like great uh whereas now very few people that I work with use VSSLs like our tele medicine company we don't use VSSLs I like they're fine they have their own place but really most of the time it's going to be as like ads that are run infeed on meta most of the time they're going to be 2 minutes maybe four or five minutes long and they're not really like VSSLs or just sort of video ads that have direct response elements in them. Um, you know, occasionally people still run longer form VSSLs as ads, but even then it's usually like 14 minutes, 15 minutes, whatever. Um, and you know, beyond that, there's a lot of different places where you're getting customers these days. So whether it's from like native or Tik Tok or YouTube or Google or PMAX or Demand Gen part of Google, like there's just like it's just it's very different and you really need to understand all of that to actually produce the right copy um these days. So it's just It used to be a lot easier. It's gotten harder, but um you know, so it goes. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, so a majority of this is for when you say DTOC, is it majority ecom? Yeah. Or is there >> Yeah, like ecom mostly. I mean, I I really intentionally uh use some different examples like I do like an Airbnb arbitrage uh kind of like hypothetical offer as an example. So everything from like the research process which is you using deep research from uh like Gemini or other tools. I like Gemini the most currently. Um like so it's kind of like figuring out product market awareness levels >> um and like then you know competitor research then psychographic research then combining all that together then creating like this brief that has like a lot of the points you would use for during any copy. So anyway, I do examples in other spaces as well, but the bread and butter is probably yeah, people selling consumer products. Um, you know, that's the majority of it. Although again, I do go out of my way to focus on sort of some high ticket stuff and other things. So that's applicable to everybody. >> Yeah, because I remember you guys when we went to that event, you were talking about the like monetization model that some of these guys could use. So like filming bottle being the same. You roll out um VSSL scripting where you guys do basically the full packaging in terms of the copy but the monetization model you guys could charge was crazy and that was for a lot of those digital products the uh ClickBank days the I guess supplement and like grouping stuff but you you've done a lot of those right like that's at some point in life >> like as far as like kind of supplement like offers and things >> build out. So someone will pay I mean the rough numbers a 20k a 50k 100k or whatever to get one of these DSLs written because they just know they're so good. >> Yeah. There I mean there was a good period of time where I was charging 50,000 per video salesletter script. Um >> amazing. >> I'd say from like 2018 to 2022 let's say I definitely made at least a million dollars a year in income just from writing VSSLs for people. >> That's crazy. >> Yeah. That's pretty good. Uh but you know now I don't >> probably produced a hundred you know million more right like >> yeah a lot of them did I mean some of them bombed but but a lot of them did well >> that's life >> yeah but now but I mean I will occasionally do things for uh you know kind of like a quiet project these days it's pretty rare because of >> the other things I have going on um but honestly I don't charge as much like I'll usually charge like 35 now and part of the reason is because of AI uh it's just harder to command those prices but the other part is like I really like that this is the thing that a lot of people are stuck on who especially aren't on X or Twitter. I think Twitter has like the most like sort of knowledgeable marketers these days. There's a lot of like there's dumb too cuz you've got a bunch of like young money Twitter kids who are discovering things for the first time and they'll put some posts about like this really whole elaborate thing that essentially is like oh a subscription business is good or whatever it is right um but they're but they're definitely savvy and whereas people on like Facebook uh you know as a counter example or I feel like they're stuck in like the 2020 2020 paradigm sort of and like so the road of like just throwing up a VSSL and making lots of money it really is over for the most part. And so, honestly, I'd say more often than not when people come to me about VSSL projects, um, even if I had the bandwidth, I I usually just tell them they shouldn't do a VSSL and like talk my talk them out to pay me money. So, it's pretty great. But, yeah. >> Yeah, it's super interesting. I mean, so what are the current you said a few things of what you're currently doing. I want to get into like how that evolved from because you were there. Copy accelerator again was massive. I mean, still is massive. Has all these notable. Now, you said something around software business. Uh last time we talked, I don't know if you remember, but we went to that event and then we went over to I'm trying to remember the place for dinner. Um and you guys were there and like somebody who was working in operations for you was there and they like it's crazy the amount of things that you had your hands in like super cool. You were in distribution mass amounts because the AI distribution availability and being able to own these different niche domains. Um Oh yeah. Now the software Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like just so many of these different things. Like it's amazing that you you're just a starter. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean I'm I'm I definitely have ADHD and there's like an entrepreneurial ADHD component to that. I mean, I'm trying really hard now to be more focused. Um cuz I think there's there's two sides to that coin for sure. Uh so like you know the like the call center started with my first supplement company and it was like an in-house customer service thing and then we were getting pretty good like results for uh you know for us for ourselves. So like whether that was uh on capturing abandoned cards or just retention or whatever it was and and so you know that sort of just grew organically. We started taking on outside clients. I had some professional kind of management and you know it scaled to about 10 million a year uh in revenue and but it had issues like the the leadership of it because even though I owned like 70% of it but I uh didn't like I was very hands off it once it started to scale which was great. It was on one hand I would always joke it was like one of the best businesses I ever owned because I was making like a million dollars a year income from it. Um, but like literally spending 30 minutes a month maybe on it. So, it's great. But when it was like time to, hey, why don't we scale what like let's how do we get to 20 million, 30 million? Like the leadership was not very motivated or driven to do that. Um, and it got to the point where it was like, well, I probably would need to come in and put in install new leadership, get really involved and uh spend a lot of time on this thing that's not my passion. >> Yeah. or like I could just exit and let them do whatever they're going to do. And so, you know, I exited from that one. Um, you know, I talk about the AI SAS as well. I could talk about all of them, but but I will say, you know, I I think like I definitely have spread too thin sometimes in life. So, I really try hard not to. So, right now, I mean, the focuses really are just copy accelerator, which we call CA Pro, you know, um, and then the tele medicine platform. And like that's really it. I mean, I launched RBC2, but I'm really trying to be more focused cuz it is hard. I mean, to really do something good at scale and at a lot of volume. It's just like, I don't know. It's difficult to to repeat that over so many things. I keep wanting to crack the code with like the right like leadership or management and the right operator and you can go and install the right team and you can have a bunch of these businesses. And I haven't fully cracked it yet. So, I think it it always sounds good, but people are always like, "Wow, you're doing so many things." But, I don't know. I maybe I'd be more successful if I just focused on a few things uh you know consistently to be honest with you. >> Yeah, I think that's the constant game. Constant game. I was having that conversation this morning. But so the tele medicine thing is super interesting. I just had a call with this uh with a guy who's running one of these over the weekend actually. Um super it's basically the just like the software stack. So comes with the connections has all that kind of piece. But what is what's the whole game plan there? Like where did that come from? Because there's tons of regulation license. I mean, I guess part of the tele medicine industry that that captures, but >> no, I mean, it's yeah, it's super challenging. Um, and that's kind of what I like about it to be honest with you because >> it's like going back to the ADHD component like I kind of need something that's new and novel to be really exciting and I certainly have that with tele medicine. Uh, you know, so we're primarily doing like GLP1s which a lot of people are doing. uh in 2023 I got connected to somebody uh as a potential client and the guy wanted to do you know GP1s he was set up to you know create like a tele medicine platform to connect patients uh with you know those medications through medical providers but I quickly realized that he didn't really like it was going to be a lot of work basically because it was sort of the thing where like they were like oh maybe this guy's got a lot of money he'll give you $100,000 and you can write a VSSL. And I'm like, a Vss, going back to what I said before, I'm like, >> VSL won't do for this guy. He has like a WordPress website and like, you know, no idea how to acquire customers or patients or whatever. So, end up becoming like an equity partner uh and you know, kind of building it from the ground up. And it's been a um an interesting journey, but essentially, you know, we're like, yeah, we we advertise uh you know, access to GOP medications. People go to our website, they go through a medical questionnaire. Uh if they qualify, a doctor reviews their uh you know information and then uh a pharmacy will send out their you know medication to them to their uh front door and uh you know then they can stay on it, adjust their medication, whatever it is. So there's nothing novel about it, but we were early enough to build up a pretty good foundation of you know retention like recurring customers and um when CPAs were lower and things. So you know that if you look at it in 2023 cost to acquire a customer was like in the hundreds all the time. Now it's often like the 400s and there's days where we'll spend $800 $900 to acquire you know a customer. we're just like, "Oh, well, you know, that's a little bit annoying, but it's fine because we have millions of dollars a month in recurring now." Um, so, you know, I wouldn't like there's people out there kind of like pitching GLP ones as like a good space to go into. And I I would adamantly disagree. I think, and I'm not saying that because I'm in the space and I don't want more competitors. I just think if you were to go into it now, you would really need millions of dollars like to burn through before you could really get to a good level because cost like typically you're going to make maybe $100 like net on a month of medication that you, you know, provide to a patient, but you're probably gonna spend if you're not going super black hat and we're like we're super compliant, which is also annoying because our CPAs are higher than if we were more aggressive, but whatever. Like, so let's say you're like 80% compliant and we're like 95% compliant. Like, okay, $350 CPA, let's say. Okay, so then your profit's like $100. So, you're basically losing $250. you're not going to break even until the third month at best. Um, but then you've got to do that enough scale to get enough compounding rebuilds >> um to compete with us and the other big players in the space who are continuing to grow and compound and then because of that willing to pay more money like I just said like we we literally I think our C this is actually embarrassing because there's a bunch of underlying reasons why but our CPAs have been probably $800 on average so far in August and we're going to like we don't want them that high. we're going to get them down, but like we're totally profitable with an $800 CPA, but that's because of years of >> Yeah, exactly. >> So, anyways, it's a really hard space for someone new to come into. And then on top of that, there's all the regulation. Like, Nova Nordis just sued 14 more people a couple days ago. Um, and so it's a very complex space, but for me, as someone who's pretty experienced, it's kind of fun and exciting. >> Yeah, 100%. The So, what's the funnel for that? Is it just straight to intake? >> Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's like a little landing page. It's just like >> static or video ad? Honestly, static ads have worked better for us in general. Um, you know, landing page with not even that much information right into like a intake questionnaire. >> Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, because we're talking about this. I've talked about on here, but we're talking about doing a version of that on the back. No GLPs at all. It's like kind of against our ethos. Um, but there's definitely a world of that in that space. Um, you know, a lot of other things that kind of fit that box, but a lot of time that introduces blood work, that introduces some of these other pieces and like where does the, you know, what's the stack, right? It's like you have your software connection, you have the customers, you have the pharmacies, you have the doctor network, your own doctors, and then where does all of the regulation and all that stuff sit on top of there? Or licensing more so, not really regulation, but licensing. Um, and then how that's completely separate from supplements, right? And how they have like Yeah. So, like we don't know. We've never done either of them, but super interested in supplement space, super interested in tele medicine space, and like haven't even cracked anywhere near it yet. Um, but that's kind of where our conversations are. So, it's it's interesting to hear. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean they're both really both supplements and tele medicine are are you know great spaces where obviously I have a lot of experience in in the supplement space. I don't know if it's obvious or not but I but I do. It's like one of you know my my superpowers. Um and then so there's a lot of similarities but there's differences like what you just described there as well. Um, you know, the nice thing with tele medicine is like because the medications really do work. Uh, you know, I feel like your supplement really works as well, but there's so many people >> Yeah. >> like you could sell a really great like weight loss fat burning supplement that really has a bunch of clinically backed trademarked and patented ingredients, but you're still not going to get weight loss like you are from a GLP1, right? Um, and the other the other really interesting thing is like the level of like kind of going back to product market awareness like like with GLP ones that was the insight really early on was like we tried like a VSSL we tried like an avitorial but it's like everyone knows what GLP ones are most people want them they're just like you know can I afford it and is this legit right like can I trust like the business providing it or the brand providing it to us so like that's why you literally just don't need a lot like just a landing page a questionnaire um you know like ads like that's it. Uh other things in the tele medicine space like for example we have NAD plus and we kind of launched that with a very similar model and it was like the CPAs were way higher because >> while you and I might know about NAD right a lot of people still don't and so we were like oh we have to educate the consumer way more uh and so that's you know that that's like an interesting element of it too. Yeah, it's interesting. And then when you guys are able to exit and all that because our thing is too is like how much of it for us we always we like joke on this like spectrum but it's like over here is you have a partnership basically you have an affiliate commission you send a client over you 40% it's branded like them it's all of that and then over here is like you're manufacturing it like you're handd delivering it like the extremes and we want to live somewhere in between here so we get the equity value and the growth but I've heard things like uh you know having an outsource doctor network is all good having basically a white label software ware is good. You don't have to build your own tech. Like some of these other pieces, >> as long as you just have those relationships and you own that portion, like the equity value is there for exit versus >> Yeah. Which is crazy. I didn't realize it was like that. I thought you'd have to be like over here and like everyone in house, all your own MDs, all of your own direct connects, like all of that. Uh and it doesn't seem to be that way based on what we've heard. >> Yeah, I don't think it is. In fact, it's probably better in a lot of ways from like a liability standpoint. Like I mean literally just yesterday one of our vendors is trying to buy a pharmacy and they wanted us to go in with them on it and I was like no I definitely don't want to do that because of like the liability right it's actually cleaner in a way when you're like the middleman. >> Um >> but it does come down to like there's certain things right it's also about like the I mean obviously retention and LTV and things like that are really important. Um you know there is a brand equity component of it like are you a trusted provider. Um, so I think that's also really important. And uh, and then it's like the actual vendor relationships. I mean, that's where having like my business partner and everything and COO, uh, Angela is like just incredibly savvy and a really good negotiator. So, you know, without overly disclosing too much, it's like if you can get things like just extremely good pricing, right? Really good cogs or really favorable payment terms or things like that, that actually will play a pretty big role as it goes to the valuation as well because those are sort of like differentiators that your competitors don't have. Uh, and so, but they're not I don't know if you're if you have a good negotiator, they're not that hard to get, I guess. But I'm not that person. Uh, she is. And so thank God that I have her. >> Yeah. I've heard some stuff too around like uh if you really focus on like one specific ICP versus one specific like skew then there's just so many more ancillary things that come into cross cells and upsells and you know catalog version. Um that's something I really didn't think about prior. So like I don't know if you guys see that but like you said the two examples you use like GLPs if you have a majority of them coming in there and then post you're educating around NAD and then just like the ease potential sometimes different doctor sometimes same doctor depending on whatever but then like having the increase not LTV not just from recurring but from in addition in addition because now you already have that do you guys see that much? Yeah, I mean that's definitely and it's a a goal and part of that's like diversification and if like the argument is you know hey we're a platform then if like we just you know sell GLP1s to people then that's like not a really compelling argument but if it's like people are going through their you know getting additional recommendations you know customized and personalized to their specific you know profile and and needs and things if we're tracking the data right is important we're tracking sort of different metrics I mean, that's why you're going to see, I think, a lot more people going into like the kind of biomarker testing like function health does. Um, and it makes a ton of sense because you're like, "Okay, hey, look, I just, you know, the lab just analyzed 115 different biomarkers like based on that, here are things that are, you know, kind of off inside of you and here's what you can do to fix it." And whether that's supplementation or it's the medication or whatever it is, like it opens up a massive world of, uh, you know, cross cells and things. And um typically it's like the same doctor networks that can then you know have those conversations and make those prescriptions or you know those recommendations and everything. So yeah there's a huge like kind of LTV play but it's not just on one product. It's like across yeah multiple >> kind of products. >> Yeah I had Cole uh Gordon on here was the first time we like direct met and he said it on there. He was like well oh actually funny point I was like yeah Cole I saw you speak for the first time at uh CA at that Scottsdale event. That's where I met Eddie Malof and all that was at your event. And he's like, "Dude," he's like, "That was the worst presentation I've ever given. I know exactly what you're talking about." I'm like, "Really? I thought it was great." He's like, "No, like I I couldn't see." I was like, "I felt all weird." I was like, "That's hilarious cuz I thought it was great." But he said in the uh in our conversation, he was like literally blood work is the best discovery of all time, right? Like you get on a sales call and you have to do all this discovery process and learn and like dig for the problems and find the points. He's like, "You just get it in a print out. Like here's here's what's wrong. Here's how we fix it." like very easy. So yeah, what do you um this will be my I think probably uh final selfish question, but like you're talking about selling this and getting that direction. Where do you see valuations land in that world? Like info coaching is where I mainly live um and where a lot of us mainly live. Probably most of the people who listen to this. Um so those don't sell. Very very very rarely sell. There's two, three, four that you know I know off the top that are like truly classified as info coaching that don't have some like supplement bolt-on or you know XYZ software um play but just the info coaching guys generally don't but big ones that have are the three to fives but then you get into this whole supplement game and I hear crazy numbers over there you get into this tele medicine game I hear some crazy multiples over there like do you know rough benchmarks where that land lives >> so if you 10 million a year call it in IBIDA on a tele medicine is that like do you know? Yeah, I mean at 10 million you're probably look I mean it there's a lot of factors, right? There's sort of like your whole quality of earnings and everything, but um >> you're probably like at right now like a 5x on average. I think if you go up to 15 million, >> which isn't I mean I guess it is a big jump like right 33% increase but um you know you could push maybe an 8x. I mean, that's what we're looking at really is like somewhere in a 5 to 8x um valuation. Like, you know, our goal is like I expect to sell over 100 million. Um, you know, there's and again to be transparent, there's there's always different challenges. Like right now, our CPAs are all shitty and I was like, well, great cuz we were going to go to we have an investment banking group. we were going to like go to, you know, start shopping it around and like seven days from now and we're like, "All right, let's push it back a month and see if we get these CPAs down." And, you know, it's not all flowers and roses. And I literally sent out a call with them. Like if it was, you know, everybody would be selling companies for nine figures. Like, you know, as much as like we know people who have, like it's actually very hard to do, you know, um but assuming we figure that out and we execute and we have a great team and all that, like yeah, my goal would be like, you know, and a reasonable expectation like we can sell for 50 million like right now um like with very little headache, but like that's not that exciting. Like I really want like nine figures. So yeah, assuming we execute, we'll probably look around like 100 to 125 million. And then of course it depends on how many people are interested and you know the other thing is if a strategic comes in at the end of the process and randomly just like throws some FU number around and which is also would be great. So yeah we'll just have to see. >> Yeah it's amazing. Yeah we've never gone through that. I'm friends with a ton of guys um like you know my world that are private equity and investment banking and sell side buy side like do all this stuff and they just throw the stuff around but we in our world have never actually gone through one. So, you've sold other companies though, thus far, you said. >> Yeah, the call center and then the SAS, but they weren't like huge. You know, the call center was seven figures, which was cool. It was like the first thing I ever sold. And to sell something for seven figures was neat. Um, >> and then, uh, you know, the SAS was like my free ad copy tool. Um, and that was like a smaller sale, but that was like it was going back to the focus. I'm like, "This is I I love this, but it's sort of like a distraction and it's draining resources and I want to sell it to somebody who hopefully could take it and grow it more." Um, and so, you know, that was like a modest like, you know, a couple hundred thousand sale, but you know, still cool. >> Yeah. >> The way I look at it too is just stacking wins. I'm like, you know what I mean? Like I thought with the call center even like I'm like, "Oh, I'm always selling this for seven figures. I want to sell something for a billion dollars one day." But I'm like, dude, like you got to start somewhere. Like not many people ever sell a company for over a million dollar. So boom, there's one, right? How many people ever sell two companies? Boom, there's another. It's like you stack the experience plus you learn stuff, you go through the process like you, you know, so that's kind of the the mentality I've taken to it. >> Yeah, 100%. I started trying to like talk to the right people and pop on calls and how can I make it so my fin my financials are export import into their models like what do I need to do here because we are so we know like this much, right? And it's like we probably need to know all this. So yeah, it's super interesting to hear. I do want to start going through some of these questions because people have great questions for you. you are all over X uh in a very good way. Um but what do we got here for the first one? How have you evolved as a marketer and what advice would you give a beginner who thinks edge comes from overindulging in creative license? Um that's yeah uh how have I evolved? I mean, evolved in that I never I I feel like I never really over complicated things, but I'm more convinced than ever that the secret is just like rapid iteration and just putting stuff out there and like just testing and getting feedback um you know, from the market. Uh, so like I guess how I've evolved is like I'm even less concerned about the nuance or if it comes to like copy like the perfect phrase or if it comes to like a landing page like the perfect font or things like I'm very like I'm almost flippant about just putting stuff out there and just seeing if it works or not. And I'm also extremely iterative. I don't know if I was always this iterative, but I essentially don't worry that anything I put out, nothing has to be a home run. Like, so it's not even that I'm not a perfectionist. It's like I as long as it's like I mean I I still have like I'm I'm one of the I think one of the best marketers in the world. So what I put out is still going to be good. But like >> I don't overthink it. I just put it out there and then I look at data and then I make adjustments and I kind of I think I can get something from like a you know a single to a home run um with iteration versus trying to go for a home run. But maybe when I was younger earlier on, it was more like, "Oh my god, this has to be a home run or my whole world's going to collapse, right?" Like, I'm a failure and a fraud if I don't hit a home run. >> Um, >> so that'd be part of it. I mean, the second part of the question was it was on uh Can you repeat that part because I do want to address it. >> Yeah, I know. Uh, what would you give a beginner who thinks that or I'm sorry, what advice would you give a beginner who thinks that edge comes from overindulging in creative license? >> I mean, I think it's cool up to a point. Like I think um I do think creativity is is valuable and I think being curious and being weird. I I mean some of the most successful things I've ever done like both from like copy or ideal wise or whatever like with campaigns or even products and brands it's like having doing weird stuff like trying weird things. I mean like my first big successful supplement company was like a a Christian biblical supplement brand before you know anybody had done that. And I'm like, well, like there's all these ingredients in the Bible. What if we just make like, you know, biblical blood sugar pills and like I did like a biblical uh arousal supplement. There's a a pre a preacher in Texas. I read an article about him and how he would talk about bringing God back into the bedroom. And they're like, most preachers don't talk about like sex or they talk about in a sinful way. This guy actually preaches that, you know, it's good to, you know, make love to your spouse, but like, you know, you're honoring God. So, I took that and like created like a biblical arousal supplement for husbands and wives so that they could, you know, be more aroused and and do it like, you know, like bringing God back into the bedroom. And like it did great, right? It's a super cool thing because it like wasn't an ED pill specifically. So, I didn't have to just it wasn't like another garbage gas station ED thing. It wasn't um like the messaging was different. So, women make men felt okay buying it, right? Because it wasn't like they had to hide it from their wives because it was like, "Oh, we can both take it." And then you know something that you can market it to men and women which the problem with ED pills was always you know besides there's lots of problems but one of them is that they're always only targeted to men so half your market's cut off but when you can speak to women too suddenly like oh my god you just doubled your TAM. Um and so you know just just I think have have fun with it but I guess the the counter to it would be you don't always have to reinvent the wheel. Like it's going back to the iteration thing. It's like it's all it's it's really helpful or useful to to hit a single, you know, to have something that's working like decently well and then start taking your your weird creative uh kind of adventurous shots after that versus trying to do the the most crazy out of the box stuff right away cuz it it might work, but the chances are higher that you're going to >> fail like you know 99 times before the hundth time and you might run out of money or become psychologically deflated. before you get to that win. So, it's better to start with like a a solid baseline or a single and then be a creative genius from there. >> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. I am by no means like creative in that way. Mine's always like the structure of the system, the funnel economics, like all of that. But we have a new CMO that just is like very similar to you. It's just like left just left, right, left, right, ideation, ideation. Like how do you go in this direction? How do you see like the dream pod setup for like for us for example, we have five front-end funnels now. And I talked to Nick Fischer about this and he was asking because they have all these. It's like do you have basically like pod specific so like channel specific or I'm sorry mission specific right there or do you have channel specific where you have you know a media buyer that buys for meta for all five funnels and you have a copywriter that writes for all five and they're just so good at being a copywriter or are they funnel specific? You know then at some level you like 5x your P&L or your >> you know or youres on your P&L depending on how you do it. But how do you view that like the the dream setup if you have a CMO and then kind of distilled down when you're doing these offers like that? >> Yeah, it's a really good question. I mean, I think it depends on Well, I think it depends on on how much nurturing and like kind of attention and like how high maintenance the offers are. Like if they're like kind of like set up on autopilot where like, okay, I know I need this like these ad creatives. I know like, you know, we're going to test avitorials or we're going to test these landing pages. Like if you kind of have it really systematized and each offer is like a copy and paste of of the last one, then I think having that kind of like horizontal integration could make sense where the copyriter could be doing them for all five. If there are brands that I mean but but honestly my answer is probably I in general probably want like a different team for each one. Yeah. Because the one thing I found is we found even with the tele medicine company. It's like we've got this great team and then we're like trying to do a skincare brand and we brought in a bunch of people from tele medicine to kind of help with the skincare brand and then you know my co has like brought some of those people to help with people who are in CA Pro or to help consult and like referring them over to other people but suddenly there's a dilution that happens right and you're like start to get annoyed suddenly because you're like why the hell are they not focusing on this really important thing? It's like, oh, because you gave them five more really important things to also focus on. >> So, ultimately, it probably would keep them like to like each offer or brand or whatever it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. We ended up doing we had one VSSL optin funnel that we did like everything through. We did like 70 plus million through one and then we went and then it like exploded. We launched all these other ones and now we have like seven of them all at once and we went from, you know, just like polar opposite sides of things. So, we're trying to navigate that right now. But interesting on that creative license versus just like running a playbook. Running the playbook. Um but yeah, let me get into some more of these cuz there's some great ones. Uh how have you evolved as a marketer? What would you advise? And then the next one, do you think that the industry is broadening or do you think that there's going to be a shakeout where the best marketers can will rise to the top uh to assimilate the overuse tactics with rising ad costs, oversaturation, everything that's occurring? So basically, do you think there's a shakeout that's happening where I assume what he's referring to is when AI is rolled out when it's easier for more people to enter to be, you know, 90% of the way there, do does the cream rise to the top or does it get more commoditized? >> Yeah. I mean, I'll share I have I have weird thoughts about this, so I'll share. >> Let's go for it, Derek. Let's do it. >> Okay. Um yeah, I mean I think basically everything will be automated by AI in the next like two years. So I think you know like media buying people are on icon but like video creatives um like optimization CRO pretty much everything um understanding like product market fit and positioning it just makes sense. It's already like obviously copy uh customer service retention like I think everything will basically be automated. Um it's still like I could be wrong and I kind of hope I'm wrong because obviously it's better for me if I'm I'm wrong but I but that's sort of what I think. um as a result of that like it's like okay well then if that's the case how do we thrive uh if all these marketing activities which is a huge part of how we identify ourselves and a huge part of how we make money uh you know are no longer human driven or you know driven by us right and is it like okay we're strategists I don't know maybe the AI will be able to handle strategy too so then it really to me probably is going to come down to brand equity and resources Like the analogy I would use is even in a couple of years from now uh like Coca-Cola will still be Coca-Cola because it's already around and well known now. So I think there's actually an impetus and like an urgency to create brands with strong brand equity today. like you doing these YouTube interviews is really smart because you know you are going to be known from before this proliferation right because I there'll be like this is true for both personal brands and like ecom DTOC brands right when everyone can pull out stuff and there's content when there's AI avatars when AI stuff and I can go beep boop bop and AI stuff is like you know like 20 pieces of content get published and like it's pretty good like people will probably gravitate to the names that they already were familiar with before um cuz like you know those people at least have an incumbent advantage so that's one part of it um you know the next part would be an actual like physical materials for people who are doing DTOC um and you could call them like experiences and things like that for people who are doing information uh but it's going to be like how do you win in the physical realm so in the world of like DTOC I think it's like having superior products uh superior like ship times lead times things like that so you're getting you know you can manufacturing becomes more important but they're better quality products uh delivered faster uh differentiated from the market etc. If you're running like info type stuff, it's like inerson events, you know, you call them masterminds, experiences, whatever it is, right? What are things? And by the way, there's gonna be a hybrid of that too because like you create like a real D to like a supplement brand. Like I still want to do this with a supplement brand in the future, but it's like um you can still have like summits, right? You could have really cool things. You could have like uh like like for the VIPs, people who like are on subscription like you know everything from like an actual like festival to like you could have people enter for a chance to like go join you in like a castle in Scotland where a bunch of biohackers come and talk about you know different like like processes for uh you know like living a longer health span and lifespan like whatever it is right so I think it's experience driven um and physically driven uh and then it's resources because even if like the AI can smartly iterate, optimize, and you know, profitably start to grow and scale you like there's still going to be a natural limit with how much money comes in and is redeployed and like the time frame. So having cash stacked up today is probably helpful as well. Um, so yeah, that's the way I look at it. It's kind of pessimistic though because I do think we're being replaced by AI for a lot of the marketing activities, but I do think there are still opportunities uh as well. >> Yeah, it's interesting. So I mean CA classifies as info coaching at some level, right? It has the high tier. Where do you see AI direct affecting info coaching land? So you know right it's your classic your courses that generally speaking info coaching is you know down tier info coaching top tier personalization implementation rises up the ladder in terms of value and cost in that world. Does AI flip that on its head completely because the personalization can be interlaid or >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean in theory the AI should be able to like personalize your sort of, you know, your game plan, your road map, all of that. It should be able to hold you accountable. I mean, people still might want to talk to a human, right? I get it. Like, >> although I don't know, we'll see. Um, but, >> you know, like I think I think the AI will automate a lot of that. But again, I think where but even if that's the case, they might be were wanting to buy the game plan from someone like you who's been doing it for longer or who has more like preeminence than the new person who comes onto the scene, right? Um, and again going back to like inerson stuff like events, whatever. And you know, and again, I think like having like one-on-one calls or group coaching calls or things like where you're speaking with the person like the the spokesperson, the guru, whatever. Like I think there's still value to that um because of the craving of human connection as well. >> Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, because a lot of these gurus or experts in info coaching are starting to use tools like Deli or Adelfi, whatever that one's called, where it's like a video of the person, audio of the person messaging, and it's just uploaded of everything and it's generally inside product. So a lot of people are using it inside like their top tier product that's like instant access to and then they just gate it with what they train it on. So it's only trained on stuff from the inside not from like public content like YouTube like giving that access which I find super interesting. >> Super interesting. It just doesn't have the context on the person as much, right? It has the like or on both situations, I guess, right? So, like unless you're prompting on the front end with like, hey, here's the last three years of my business, the current situation, the desire, you know, all of these things, >> right? >> Now, overlaid on that, it kind of doesn't hit the mark there. But once it does, once you have your model trained on you, their model trained on them on their expertise and structured education and whatever and experience, it's like you plug those together and there's your personalization on both sides. >> Yeah. I just wonder like in a couple years from now if like that'll be as valuable as like the om like the omnipotent and omniescent like uh AI that just sort of knows better than you know anyway and is like a better coach than you expert >> the expert. Yeah. Uh oh. So just we're playing the playbook. You basically just said the the on the initial portion which is like move into physical, focus on that, focus on the connection, focus on the human piece. And we're actually trying to like ride the wave backwards and be like f AI f this like because you want human connection. Our stuff is already one. Our stuff is all already one to one. So it's already like lean into it. You know, we already have the cost baked into the P&L that it's already one to one. Um but yeah, I am like complete agreement. There's so many questions in here that are about this. uh future of neutra and health within AI. >> So feeling like advertorials are going to get absolutely insane with VO uh VO3 however you pronounce and all those improve but where do you see neutra and health getting impacted the most? >> Uh yeah I mean probably it just goes back to that whole automation side of things. I mean it's just like faster than ever to launch and deploy like funnels to test stuff to whether it's like video ads or avitorials or product pages um you know to iterate. I think that the areas like CRO will get a lot better where the AI will just sort of run all the split tests for you and optimize. You know, there's already tools that do it. There's nobody's come out with like the industry standard that everybody uses. Um, but >> what are some, >> you know, there's some good ones, but >> which ones do you like? >> Um, I honestly can't remember the names of them because like I don't use them enough. >> They're bad. They're that bad. >> Yeah. No, there's one I can't remember. I I just can't think of the name of it. There's one we used a bit that was okay. But >> um >> I know a few people have like brought up ones that they like, but I mean that's kind of the point. Yeah. There's not like a standard that I'm like, "Oh, everyone uses this one." Um but yeah, I mean I think that's it. Like I mean I you know Neutra I mean General Neutra like is like you know the ClickBank world is is I think kind of really dying. Um and I I always hate saying this because whether or not you look at ClickBank and the offers of score I mean it is what it is. The people work at ClickBank are really nice. Like a lot of them were really nice, but like the offers were like, you know, always aggressive and I used to write them back in the day and like, you know, like Coffeezilla made a whole video about it and then I was like, you know, my bad like and I stopped. I already stopped actually for the most part. But point is like I'm not trying to be holier than thou, right? Um but that was like in 2018, 2019, but like um but now like it's really just the market's evolved so much. So like the VSSL on the ClickBank model is like who's it really work for? like generally like 65 plus people who are pretty like not the kind of tech technological lagards that are pretty like low IQ like again I'm generalizing please don't you know someone like my grandma bought something from clickbait I'm not trying to offend your grandma right just in general like that's like a shrinking dying like way to to sell um and so you know I think it's just like continue to adapt with like structures but it's not necessarily about AI I AI is more about the implementation and then you know it could be used for more like recommendations, personalizations, things like that as well. Um, you know, just sort of like frankly easier upselling and cross-selling um if they build a relationship of like an AI sort of avatar agent or whatever and then you're making more personalized recommendations. Yeah, >> kind of offshoot, but have you ever done uh another big thing that I heard that was probably just the people in the room, but there were there was a lot of conversation around data and how people are using the data, using the email list, using it to generate, you know, basically just add to the bottom line for some of their core offerings. Was that ever a piece of kind of what you focused on? Like obviously all the copy stuff, but you're you're integrated everywhere. So, example of this was someone was like, "Oh, if you're running this, you know, even if you own the full brand, splitting lists, uh, selling off data, you know, do it compliantly for sure that way." But did you ever play in that game at all? >> Um, I mean, a a very little bit. Like, I mean, as far as like, >> you know, we like we definitely split our data at some times with some of the offers I owned where we'd let somebody else like, you know, essentially like you'd, hey, congratulations. as a bonus to being a customer, you're now part of like the happy healthy you like newsletter or whatever it is. Like, you know, click here to opt into it whenever they opt in. And then now you can have like a couple different places all emailing the same person with different offers and you'd make more money. Um, it depends on the monetization model though, right? Like obviously those things work if you're sort of churning and burning like you're just bringing customers in and you're just trying to make as much money from them as possible. It doesn't work for brands and retention as much. Um, but there's still a data value in data for sure. Um yeah, we had looked at that with like I mean so for the GLP1 business we have millions and millions and millions of abandoned carts right um because people don't qualify or there's like a long medical questionnaire and so we looked at that we're like what could we you know take those and you know kind of liquidate them to like you know partners who'd be interested in those that information as a lead like we never pursued it um for better or worse probably could have made a lot of money but also we're really trying to create that brand equity and we didn't want to >> so I don't know it's an interesting space and I've looked into it a little bit but yeah. Yeah, we had a squeeze more meeting the other day. So, we it was on my calendar ads, but it was like where can we where can we do that? And like you just said for abandons like okay, how do we staff up internal and we dial them instead? Like how can you layer all of that stuff internal, but then is there another play? And we've been exactly what you're saying like so much more brand that it's always been the throughput's going to be higher, the monetization model, the economics of it are going to be better if we can own it. It's just like if we're not executing on it, we're leaving money on the table, but if we are executing on it, then it's the best way to play. So, it's like always dancing that, but I have a ton of these lead genen guy friends that are like, "You're stupid." Like, you're stupid. Yeah. So, that's actually kind of a bit of this next question, but uh you're writing for So, when you're writing for high intent inbound calls, so it's paper click uh or I'm sorry, paper call. What's the most important emotional driver to lead with? So, the prospect picks up the phone immediately. >> Interesting. I mean, I'm you know, I'll be honest, it's not like uh like I own a call center, so I know a little bit, but this isn't saying where I've written like a ton of stuff for it. Um, so we're saying high intent inbound. So like as in But wait, does it say inbound? Like is someone calling the call center? What am I saying? Or are we saying like >> I think I think what they're saying is you're writing four. So it's basically going to be add to lander. That's either short quiz. >> Oh, say pick up and call. Basically, what gets them to pick up and call? >> Yeah. >> Um, >> pick the call. Yeah. >> And they're high intent already. >> Yeah. >> I'm going to think about it for a minute. I don't want to spout out. Um, >> you go. >> Yeah. I'm I mean it's probably be a dominant emotion. I mean, it's probably going to be like let's think through it together actually. Okay. So, like what are we trying to get? Because my my initial reaction was to go like talk about their future state, right? Like so you know in just X days you could have solved your problem, whatever it is, right? Basically like so I think that would be part of it, but there's other there's other drivers too. It's sort of like again probably like a trusting like nobody wants to call anyone for anything. >> Yeah. >> So part of it's like how do we like get around that you know that that that dislike of of picking up a phone and calling. Um >> and so you know in general I'm talking about like a future state and talking about how and a time frame um and how easy it's going to be like as much as I can compliantly right say all these things. Um, but probably there's another aspect of it that's sort of like trying to emphasize the like I just feel like no hassle, like no obligation call. I just I just feel like that language is so like uh used like so kind of like nobody believes it. So I think there's some kind of like some kind of like language that's going to get them to feel like confident in the phone call, but also like I guess it's going to be like the future state. I don't know. What do you think? Because you've done you've done like a lot of phone stuff, right? >> Um kind of. I did a lot of the tech stack. So, it's I'm like systems tech ops in that world more so, but the guys I know that have run like the one of the biggest ones that I was building tech for at the time with the ACA stuff and those guys were hammering it and it was very classic quiz style uh when they weren't doing post. So, it was literally just click to call like that was basically the only conversion and the whole thing was it was pretty classic but it's just like big offer big state. Do you even qualify for it? Like you have to you know put them through the XYZ rig roll and then it's now you've qualified and you get big result, right? It's like you get this big promise now. All you have to do to claim it is this very simple thing which is you know pop on the phone and they actually had like a little info thing that was like uh here's what the call looks like. So it's like all you have to do on this call is this this. So like bring down the barrier of like what do I know? Yeah. >> You know create certainty around it. There wasn't actually a lot of trust around it at the time. Um trust building like oh we've helped or brand specific because you're routing calls. So they have you know it's going to 14 different call centers potentially. Yeah. At that time but it was government program so you kind of had the trust from government. It was already well known. versus not. And we've never run inbound calls for our stuff, but we're actually talking about doing that at some level right now just because we haven't had like the infrastructure for it. Now we do. Um, but yeah, it's an interesting question because it just depends too on, you know, home service dials where something's on fire or flooding is a lot different than somebody who's trying to get XYZ benefit or package or program. So, kind of depends. Yeah, I think it's like, you know what, like Yeah, 100%. And I think it's like the ease of the like the like I think speed is a lot of it, right? It's sort of like we're going to solve your problem faster. Like if you have a if it's a high high intent and it's a high urgency problem, it's like you're going to solve it really quickly by picking up the phone and calling, right? So to that point, like I spent I moved to my house in January. I spent like $6,000 or more $7,000 on new water heater and I spent like $6,000 on new air conditioning unit already and it sucks, right? But the air conditioning thing especially I'm in Florida. It's the summer so it's like why do I like and I like I call like I hate I hate calling places but I'll call. Why am I calling my air conditioning out my master bedroom? My wife's unhappy. I'm like okay like I'm going to call like but what gets me to call? Like why do I pick them if it's sort of like same day like right same day service like same day tech same day air conditioning installation like oh we had like a they were shock literally the company I called was like the you know Steve like was shocked when our tech was able to come out and install a brand new air conditioning unit the same day right like so it's really about like the time to get the result and like so it's like okay like if I call now I can get this problem this urgent problem resolved like as quickly as possible and so I think that's actually a huge part of it I mean but the future state is like imagine once your problem is solved and I think that's important. I was thinking about from a really like copy perspective but like yeah probably a lot of time it's like one call you know in less than two minutes from now like you could you know be on your way to solving this problem or you could have the answers you're looking for you could have like this whatever and like if it's something like a home services or lead genen like super f same day appointments like same you know whatever it is like find out if you qualify in minutes like you know 60-cond approval process whatever like super fast like super easy like you know yeah just reducing as much friction as possible Yeah, I agree. It's a good dream result in XYZ time. That's why our our framing is uh you know, skip the line basically. So, it's like fill out this thing and then book it for two days from now and then do all that kind of stuff. And it's like or if you just want to do it right now, just skip the line and you can call. It's like it's offering optionality, not direct to, but it's an interesting one. Um I don't have context on this so sometimes people bait me so don't tell. So, if this is not just tell me no. Uh but you had mentioned so do you still do anything with Vshred or um >> Golden Hippo >> and they just their names on there. But >> no, it's cool. Yeah. No, I mean, no, like I um like going Hippo, they were both in CA Pro for a long time. Um and I literally was texting with Nick, who's the CEO of V Shred earlier this like two or three days ago. So, like he'll still hit me up about like just marketing stuff or funnel stuff and you know, I'll be a resource when I can be. Um so, yeah, we're still like friends. Um but I'm not actively you know, doing any projects for them. Um yeah. >> Yeah. Golden Hippo I've heard amazing things. Like I love going to their website and it just being all about hiring, hiring, hiring. Like just constantly focused on that which is obviously they have like the not hidden brands but they only talk about XYZ ones and they have all that stuff. It's just a behemoth. >> Sounds like >> Yeah, I've heard a few a lot of people like info coaching talk first of all most of them that are loud or online or whatever are make money online versions or like bisop or MMO in some capacity. Then there's some of the other ones like you know maybe us included or some of these other ones that are 5 10 15 something a month and then you hear about these other guys that like nobody really knows about but like you've seen them but you didn't realize and it's your performance golfs of the world. It's your you know that crew of people that are hundreds of millions a year and info coaching plus ecom plus whatever. It's so cool. It's so cool to see and they're and they're like I don't call them like OGs or legacy because but at some level they are in comparison to the rest of the industry and they just crush crush that >> 100%. And it's cool. You know they are kind of OGs. I mean I was thinking about that cuz Nick texted me about like a certain type of funnel structure and then I'm like oh like you know Peter Kell uh like was just talking about this type of funnel structure. Here's like a VSSL Peter did and then Nick was like oh can you connect me to Peter? And I'm like yeah but he's going to be really expensive. And then Nick was like all right well connect me in like a month or two. I'm like, "Okay." But like it's sort of like there's like such a high level of trust with people who have and then performance golf, right? Donnie is Donnie French is one of the partners there. I'm literally playing tennis with him tomorrow. It was like 25 minutes from me. But it's like same thing. We we played tennis like two weeks ago. And it's like when we talk and like say stuff to each other like there's there's that level of trust. I'm sure you have with people too. Like there's certain people where if they recommend something, I just like do it. There's no like I don't need to vet it. I don't need to like is it Is it hot air? Are they like blowing smoke? It's like so there's something nice about that with the people, you know, who have been having success for like a long time where you know there's just a high level of comfort and and yeah, I guess trust there. >> Yeah, it's so cool. Like we're starting to talk in the more enterprise levels of these things and those names just pop up left and right, left and right. Like you know the nowadays is like you're on and you're on this quick thing and here's your quick group and whatever. And then it's like you get to this next layer and it's like the infrastructure layer and it's the checkout champs and it's the 12 mids and it's the like all these other things and all these guys' names pop up left and right every time you start to get into those conversations because they've just played at such a high level. Um, so same thing. It's like you hear that almost like stamp of approval in the same way and you're like, "Oh, okay cool. These big guys use it like once you get to that tier, check like check check." It's also crazy just like even on the bisoff side, this is sort of an aside, but like I was like every now and then I'll go through like FTC like uh complaints and things and what I'm like what are they focused on? Like I'm just always curious, right? And um like even on Bisop, it's mostly Bisop these days. They actually very rarely are doing anything with health. Um, but like you'll just see these like people I've never heard of and it's like, oh, they, you know, asked to forfeit like a billion dollars in sales from their like bisop. I'm like I've never even heard of this like company and that they like did like like $10 billion. like there's some crazy numbers that I'm like how like it's so wild because you think you know like um so much right to that point like you know V Shredder Performance Golf or whoever it is but then for every person you know there's all these other people who are for some reason not on your radar who are just doing massive numbers and of course the ones being you know pinged by the FTC that's not a good thing but there's plenty who are doing it more ethically as well and it's just fascinating how you know you think you know everything but there's there's there's some really really under the radar people also just really crushing it. >> Oh 100%. And I mean, I started getting in conversation with these WAP guys or whatever. And even them, like they're pretty public and everyone on their plat like everyone kind of plays in the same rung, but there are people in there that are not playing publicly in the rung and are doing size and like I they'll be like, "Oh, in this industry and they're doing, you know, 14 million a month or this industry and they're doing 7 million a month and I'm like, who like who is that?" Totally serious numbers when uh when you're up there. So, okay. Um, next one in here. Obviously, you use tons of AI for copy. Um, but how do you set up your own environment for your own AI copywriting machine? >> Uh, I mean, you know, that's kind of what RBC2 is about, but that's okay. I'm not saying that in like a, oh, you have to buy RBC2, but I mean, >> no, but yeah, but I just I that's the huge focus of it. But really, I I use a lot of cloud projects. So, it's like doing research, like I said, like figure out the product market awareness level. Um, which is really important, right? Because again the way I do it is like essentially go break down the TAM but then also like what percentage of the TAM falls into each of the five stages of awareness right um and that's really helpful because I see this mistake a lot actually where people like even going back to let's go to bisop right okay it's like or coaching if you want to like do a couple million dollar year coaching business a lot of your copy is it talks about oh the other gurus say this the so-called gurus and like you know you tried doing FBA and like whatever. But like if you're trying to do like 20 million, 30 million, $100 million a year in Bisop, like you're really going to like problem aware or even unaware. And like this is an interesting thing cuz like Bisop's one of the only places where going after unaware people can make sense because even if people are unaware they have a problem at all, like pretty much everyone wants to make more money, right? And so >> like you kind of have to go all the way up to them in order to like get a lot of scale in bisop, right? versus let's say you're doing like an eye cream like pretty much everybody pretty much how do I say this a lot like maybe half the market let's say it's women 40 plus maybe like 40% are unaware meaning they they they don't think they have a problem it's not they're not aware they like they're like they either they think their skin's good they're not aware that they have a problem right um then there's like you know kind of problem aware they're not happy about the eye bags wrinkles the crows feet what have you um right and then you've got sort of solution aware. But what's interesting is like even like the unaware women are solution but basically everyone's solution aware, right? So like okay there you can talk about solution aware like you can talk to you talk to them but it's basically figuring out where in that journey like you're actually talking to them with your copy. So it's actually super important, right? Um and then there's like you know the competitor research the other components um you know your kind of unique mechanism which for info and business can be more about like a differentiator or like kind of your unique value proposition. Um is sort of getting these different elements together creating like a unified like a research document for everything. I call it like a unified research document that's got kind of everything you would need about competitor research, psychographic research, levels of awareness, having like uh your um like mechanism uh creating like a brief of like kind of the pain points and their aspirations, the future state, where they are now, all this stuff and basically taking that brief and I just basically feed that into a cloud project. But I usually have a cloud project with referential material. So I have different projects for like short form like short video ads like you know if I'm doing like 1 to two minute video ads versus 3 to 7 minutes versus 7 to 14 minutes versus like longer advertorials product pages whatever I basically have a quad project that has referential examples a bunch of them and I'll give it like my sort of my brief that has like all the info for my product or brand um and be like okay basically give me an outline right don't just write because if I write someone might go on some adventure give me an outline of like I want you to write a medium length BSL. Let's say like, you know, here's the brief. Give me an outline of what it would look like. Here's what it would look like. Okay, that's pretty good, but like this part doesn't make sense. Let's change this. Let's tweak that. Whatever it is, like, okay, cool. Now we see the outline. Yep, that looks good. Okay, write the copy. So, that's, you know, I don't know if that's like that's not going to give you the exact blueprint, but I mean, hopefully that kind of gives you an idea of how I approach it. >> Direction. Yeah. And then from there, do you generally like do you use AI for the next piece, which is creative portion? Uh or usually is that I mean a mix of AI or is it full AI at this point where you can drop it in somewhere and get what you need out based on >> as far as creatives like we're talking about like the ad copy or like the images videos like so that piece. >> Yeah. I mean honestly most of the people I know are using like AI for most of the images and stuff like that and creatives I mean there might still be you're using like Canva or like an editor you know what I mean for for statics and then for for video it's trickier. I think that's still one of the biggest bottlenecks for people is like you need good video editors. um they're still using like a lot of AI elements in it, but like that's the that's the part that I think will get automated. A bunch of people are trying to solve it, but nobody's solved it uh correctly yet. >> Yeah, very helpful. Yeah, our team all uses Claude um for all of that portion of it, but they were literally talking about your course yesterday, and I was like, "Oh, that's funny." >> Um what did you learn from your worst year in business? H um I mean I've had a couple you know bad years. So uh if I did one maybe I I would quickly do a couple. Okay. So like 2015 when I started my first supplement company and like you know we like made a million dollars but lost 200,000. Um I I think that one I kind of learned patience though because it was it was kind of like just sticking with it long enough to like you know get momentum. Um like how do I how do I say this word that's valuable for somebody listening. Um I think also like so I mean I tried to cut like basically I didn't know what I was doing. So, like I tried to like do a a dev a dev I had was like, "Oh, I'm going to create a custom CRM when like you know Checkout Champ existed. It was connective at the time, but I'm like, "All right, do that." And so, we spent all this money on like this dev going on an adventure to create the CRM that didn't work as well as Checkout Champ. Um, then like I kept being told like, you know, work with affiliates and I was like, "Oh, I don't for I some reason I didn't want to use affiliates." So essentially I like knew we had something good but I was trying to reinvent the wheel going back to that earlier advice a little bit too much and then finally I just went to out of the box solutions with like checkout champ and things like that and you opened up to affiliates and then we did like went from 1 million to like 23 million the second year. Um so that was like pretty good. Now again affiliates aren't really the right model for most people these days right but like that in 2015 it was. Um, and then more recently in like 20 I guess I don't know if it was 2021 or 2022 um I had like a kind of a down year like I bought out Justin Goff who was my you partner in copy accelerator and um I changed it because basically copy for people watching the suit like it started off like primarily for like business owners then we had this period of time where it kind of transitioned into like almost like freelance bisop which I I didn't like and one of the reasons I bottom out was to stop doing that. So I did and I basically killed this program that was doing like a million and a half dollars a year, maybe two million at a really high margin because I didn't want to do it. So like I lost that income. Um but I was just struggling to get like VSSO clients for a period of that time. Um and basically I mean like I I was I'd been making a like I'd made so much money especially in like I think it was 2022 let's say. But like, you know, I was I had like months in 2021 where I was making like $800,000 a month, like you know, $400,000 a month, $500,000 like like actual not like revenue, but just like in the bank like again and again and again, right? So, and it's kind of like went around when I met you was towards the end of that or maybe the middle of it, but like so then I invested in all this like I'm like I invested in real estate things because then you that's you think I'm making all this money. I'm now I'm an investor. So, like I invested in all these different ventures, which sounds really great until you start having cash flow issues. Um, and then all your money is locked up because you've invested in all these things that are like startups or real estate and they're not liquid. Um, so my cash flow kind of got tight. I wasn't bringing as much money in. Um, and I think one of the things I I realized there was like even with my email list, I would sort of send stuff out to my email list and be like, you know, give me money basically like you, hey, like pay me to write a VSSL or like I was like asking for money, but I like I wasn't providing enough value is what I kind of what I kind of realized is like I was I I had like I had this sense of entitlement like because I've accomplished all these things uh people should just give me money. But it's like no, like that doesn't make sense. Like it's really cool. I've accomplished all these things. Um but they'll give me money because I can demonstrate value. And yes, even though I have this track record like like so like what do I do? Like let me just go back to actually providing value to people. Let me actually you know um like so let me share more be share more value for people. And then also like let me get involved in some ventures and projects so I have that I'm working on things I'm involved in things are actually working right now um that can then help to grow and scale because I'll make more money from it. Maybe a little bit more incremental than I'm used to these giant fat distributions every month from these businesses. Um but at the same time like uh you know I'll I'll learn I'll keep growing then I'll have more things to share that are valuable plus you know those things will eventually have bear fruit so I'll make more money there too. Um, so I guess it was like not I know that's not the the most succinct answer and for people watching I've been sick this week and I'm growling. But yeah, it's super honest, right? But um, but it's like not having a sense of entitlement. Um, even if you have a great track record um, not overextending or overinvesting, being an investor sounds really cool until you have a cash flow crisis. So being an investor is still cool, but don't invest like you know that like like like invest you know small amount like 20%, right? Not like 80%. Um, and then the last part of it is I I was just too slow. I was so used to making so much money that like I was too slow to change my lifestyle. Um, so like it's wild to think about now because I barely put anything on my credit cards. But um, I mean I was probably spending like between business and personal AMXes like $150,000 a month, you know, and then like cash flow kind of cuz I had so I had money stacked away too. But it turns out if you have like a million dollars cash plus like a bunch of other and then you're paying $200,000 a month to like AMX bills or $150,000 plus you've got mortgages and other things like you know that money goes really fast. Um and so I was kind of slow to change my lifestyle because I kept being like, "Oh, I'll just make a bunch of money again because that's what I've I've done for the last several years." Um versus I should have been more quick to make lifestyle cuts and changes. Um, and so anyway, I mean, it all worked out fine, but it was a stressful period of time for me and it was a lot of like I learned a lot during that. >> Yeah. No, that's amazing. That's uh my thing right now is just like people always ask me that. They're like, "What do you do with your wealth?" I'm like, "What do you invest in?" I'm like, "I nothing. I don't know." Like my whole thing is just like generation skill set for the generation side. Like I'm not even close to that side. side. I mean, not I don't say I'm not close, but I'm like it's just so much more important to me to focus on building the skill set, building the machine, building the business for the production like income side than it is for the investing side. Um, but no, that's that was extremely it didn't need to be succinct. That was extremely valuable. >> Um, and let me share one really quick thing on this, Ryan, because it's funny. I was thinking about this the other day in the shower, which is in 20 like 17 18. It was part of like Edetoke's mastermind. Um, so starting that started I I was I did that in like 2016 17 into 18. He had this guy Randy Davis who was sort of um not from our world but he had sold like a couple businesses. He sold like a dry cleaning business for I want to say it was a dry clean business for like a couple hundred million and they sold like a financial services business for I think it was like $800 million or whatever. And it was like he's like going to do this financial like investing mastermind thing and it was I don't know 35,000 a year and a bunch of us from Metokee's thing joined it. I did it for maybe one or two years but I remember being so pissed because in my head I'm like all right I'm going to get these secret investment opportunities that are only you know for like the now that I've made it we've made it. We're going to be able to like have these these incredible things to like you know invest opportunities. And like his entire thing was like the greatest investment and the greatest ROI you're going to get is from investing your time, energy, and effort into your own business. And I was like so pissed. I'm like what the Like I just paid you, you know, $35,000 and you're just saying this like I want, you know, the sexy investment. And I was just cracking up like this just like the other day because I'm like, "Oh, fuck." He was right though, you know, like like this guy like turns out he was actually like very smart to say that, you know, and and um but it's hard to learn that lesson because we start making money and then we want to be like again like an investor and we want to go do these other things. But it's like if you just kept focusing on your actual business and investing into that um and you sell it for nine figures or 10 figures or even eight figures or whatever it is, like the ROI is going to be way better than the stupid real estate syndicate you put money into that like ends up just going bust once interest rates go up, you know? >> Yeah, 100%. Yeah, I'm all in that world right now. Like mine's almost splitting to do I or do I not do with these other opportunities cuz the whole point of starting this was like talent opportunities and like essentially I say network but like friends like I wanted to meet people in the space. I watched everyone's content for 10 years and I didn't produce a thing. Nobody knew who I was like which is all good. I just was in consumption mode and now it's like okay I got the network part. we get a bunch of the talent and like the opportunities are banging at the door, but it's like am I going to split focus like you said earlier in this like to pursue these other things versus just working on the golden goose and making it just massive. And I just keep kind of going back to like it will it will hurt it if I try and go and do this other fun thing or this other thing and for what 50 grand a month or 100 grand a month or 500 like until one then you know would become the main. It's so difficult in my head to be like because the interest because the ease maybe it sounds so easy or it sounds like it's in alignment but like is it when you log into two emails when you're in two different Slack channels when you're in 12 different HubSpot accounts when you're in you know it's like it's hard in my head to to justify being like to be able to beat the main thing which you almost don't want. >> You you shouldn't. Yeah. I think you're in six are right. I I would I'd recommend keep keep focusing on the golden goose. >> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Um, all right. Last one because we're running over. Uh, if you had to start over again, how would you speed run to 7 to 10k per month? And even better on that because I feel like that one's is if you're at zero, I heard someone say this the other day, but if you're full at zero, you know what you know, but you don't know like nobody knows you. You're just kind of like isolated. How would you speedun more than 7 to 10k a month? Because that one's pretty easy, I feel like, in your brain, uh, based on some of your stuff. But >> how do you speed run it higher? I mean, you know, if I knew like copyrightiting and stuff, it would be pretty easy to that point. Um, >> but I would, you know, I mean, I hate agencies, so I wouldn't like I don't want to run an agency, but I basically would would probably create like an agency. I mean, I would I would just like start doing copy, doing full stack things, use AI to automate it. Uh, bring on clients, get a bunch of people on retainer. Um, and I mean I could easily I mean I don't know how big we're trying to get in this hypothetical but you know getting that to whatever like 30 to $100,000 a month like recurring like really fast and easily. Um you know I think yeah just be like not you know copy but also again just like even like other parts of like implementation or like whatever it is like agentic stuff of AI things like that. >> Yeah 100%. Well this was amazing. Uh do you have anything that you want to share? I mean, I'm probably I mean, we're probably going to buy your course right now for our CMO and senior copywriter. So, that would be extremely helpful to have machine. But, >> anything else that you want to share before we pop? >> Uh, no. Just, you know, appreciate you having me on and I, you know, keep doing the good work and, you know, honored to to have been invited to come chat with you. >> You made it on the original list, the original. You're on there. So, I appreciate it and we will talk soon. You everyone knows where to find you, but find him online. He's got a fun thing. So, talk soon, guys.