TITLE: Supplements, Affiliate & SaaS: Inside Dennis Hegstad’s DTC Strategy
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjjwPJcW-Zs
VIEWS: 1314 | DURATION: 00:56:50
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back and today we have Dennis. Dennis is another one of those guys that I have watched for I don't even know how many years that I followed your stuff, which is super fun to finally connect. But Dennis, kick it off. How would you describe yourself and where you currently are in the space? Um, yeah. So, my name is Dennis Hegstad. Been doing e-commerce since the MySpace days. launched my first brand in 2009 when just WordPress was coming out and PayPal had just launched their first checkout button or buy now button. And fast forward, I've started my own brands again in 2015. I ran the paid media Fashion Nova in 2017. And then in 2018, launched a Shopify app for text message marketing called Live Recover. Sold that in 2021. then bought and sold an upsell app, pre-purchase, post-purchase upselles called Order Bump. Um, and then had two failed apps since then and now uh about to launch a new supplement brand in the direct to consumer space. Uh, or it's going to be utilizing direct to consumer as a channel, but yeah, kind of been in e-commerce and software and um, paid advertising for most of my career. >> Yeah, that's legendary. I've I've heard some podcasts and some interviews on you and I want to zoom back to like the whole MySpace WordPress. What were you guys So original days? What was like the initial biz? Uh so in the early days of MySpace, I was like I was like 15 years old, but I was you know into music. I was kind of in that like emo scene. I had like you know piercings and flat iron dyed hair and was into like screo music and stuff. Um and I got to having kind of a lot of friends on MySpace. let's call it I don't know if it was 70,000 80,000 maybe 100,000 and >> sometimes I would get paid by bands to promote their it was called posting a bulletin but posting a bulletin for money and when you're 15 and a band offers you $30 to post a bulletin and you can do like you know call it five of them a week when you're a sophomore in high school and I'm like [ __ ] yeah I'm making 150 bucks a week not really doing anything uh but then those bands stop paying you and then I'm like oh I was getting used to you know making $150 to $200 a week doing nothing uh how do I monetize my sort of I don't want to call it an audience but just like friends or whatever you want to call it the traffic that I was getting and so I realized that I needed to sell something and I tried putting you know ads on my profile MySpace didn't allow you to have code on the profile so I couldn't use Google AdSense which was like brand new at the time uh and so I'm like what's the thing that I can still go to concerts and the shows and hang out with some of these bands and sort of like always have control over not running out of a brand paying or a band paying me to post or whatever it is and that that was t-shirts and like hoodies and so I just made you know a brand person call it a brand more like a little clothing line um and I had maybe seven or eight designs and uh this was whenever American Apparel was pretty new so you know I was buying wholesale blank t-shirts from American Apparel having them sent to a screen printing shop that screen printing shop was printing on the designs that I was providing and then they were shipping me product uh and I just kept them in my my room at my parents house and I had boxes all in my living room and I was a senior in high school. >> I love it. I love it, dude. I wish I got into this stuff. I was like 19 probably when I just bought some like info product course for the first time. It was affiliate and that was like my first get into it. But it's just like you hear back when people were doing like flipping usernames and doing all that stuff. Like I didn't even you know Instagram was for girls back then. It was like oh we're not even going to get on that thing. It was so silly looking back. So let me get my timelines here correct. So you went from there to Fashion Nova versus Live Recover. >> Okay. So, yeah, like to I basically moved to Los Angeles after that and kind of decided, you know what, I didn't really like building the brand was fun, but it was more about building the brand that was fun. Not that I was so passionate about fashion necessarily or screen printed t-shirts or whatever it was. It was more like, oh, what I was doing was like, oh, I'm building a list of emails. I'm watching the Google Analytics and seeing how many people buy. And then I'm like, how do I get more people to buy? And then I realized like, oh, I'm actually like more interested in that than the specific thing I was selling. And so, um, yeah, then I was running a meme, a network of meme pages. MySpace started dying and I started being like, "Oh [ __ ] I, you know, wasn't like expecting MySpace to be around forever, but Facebook started taking off." And then Twitter launched and I realized I need to start funneling some of my friends to followers on Twitter. And so I started building my account up on Twitter, but realized that I wanted to post ads on Twitter to monetize an account, but I didn't want it to be me because I don't want to be looked at and I just don't want to be someone that was like whoring themselves out for penny clicks on some affiliate network, right, for my for an account. So I started making meme pages. Uh, and that was like 2009 or 2010. Fast forward to 2014, I had about 12 million followers on Twitter across all my pages. And I granted I had like 20 pages. They were all couple hundred thousand to a few million followers on each page. Um but we were able to, you know, those pages were driving tens of thousands, sometimes hundreds of thousands of clicks a day. And so if you even get paid, call it two or three cents a click from advertisers, you're you're monetizing pretty well. Um, so I I did that for like many years moving forward while trying to build some software companies, working at a startup in Santa Monica, uh, and then realizing like, hey, instead of going to other advertisers and asking for them to pay me per click or joining a network and getting brokered a deal as an affiliate, back to the MySpace situation, how do I control the offers and own these offers? And so that's that was 2015. That's when I got back into e-commerce again and was, you know, basically buying skincare products from China, private labeling them, having them sent to a fulfillment center somewhere in like Florida or Texas and was just using my Twitter accounts and advertising on Facebook as sort of a way to >> kind of like push drop ship products, but they were they were branded in my own brand and they were held America. >> Yeah, that's Dude, you're like all over the space. Like I see when I I'll see your ex post and you'll be like affiliate over here, like lead genen over here, paid over here, ecom over here, sa uh SAS, like all over. So what then jumped to SAS or like how how >> Yeah. Yeah. So I mean I was doing you know like in 2012 134 we were cloaking Facebook doing you know diet pills and dick pills and teeth whitening strips and lead genen for you know uh auto insurance zip code submits or social security disability insurance lead genen you name it we were running traffic to it and I was like wow these eventually you need to own that offer right how do you become the guy on the other end? Um I never ended up doing that in the affiliate space cuz that you know at the time it was like the wild wild west. Um, but moving forward 2017 when I was running ads at Fashion Nova, I was I had my own brand, but I was also working at Fashion Nova as a contractor. But I started to see a little bit under the hood, oh wow, this tool that we've installed and implemented at Fashion Nova is driving this much of revenue lift, but also look how much they're charging the brand. And if you can like at the end of the day, if if you ran a brand or if you do run a brand and I ran I built a software and I can say, "Hey, for every dollar you pay me, I'm making sure you made $10 back first guaranteed." That's just called a 10% commission on whatever you're sassing, right? Which if you even try to sell now is like, "What? You're taking 10% commission? That's so high." >> But let's just say it's 5% commission. If I can make you $100,000 a month and I'm billing you after I make you 100 grand, are you open to giving me five grand out of that? Most people will say yes. Yeah. >> Um, and that's a 20x return on ad spend guaranteed after you've driven results. So, we were like, me and my co-founder were looking at ways that we could sell something like that. How do we guarantee to make somebody more money and then just take a rake on the back end? And then, of course, there's like some small SAS fee up front. Like with Live Recover, it was 99 or 199 a month plus the percentage. And so, I hadn't built any kind of pure SAS plays before, and Live Recover was the first one. And you know, once you get your first kind of recurring revenue customers, you're like, "Wo, like, yeah, it's only 199 a month, but when we get, you know, a hundred of these, we're making 20k in recurring, and then whatever the usage fees are, were many multiples higher than the than the fixed recurring fees." So, it it started to like kind of show me where I thought like like, "Wow, as an affiliate, you can blow up an offer, make a bunch of money in a couple days, then get your ad account banned, and then have to start all over." And it's like, wow, you're starting a new business essentially every few days and chasing your own tail. And yeah, the highs are highs and the lows are low. But recurring revenue is like, oh my god, Stripe is billing while we slept. I woke up and saw like $1,000 more in our Stripe account or Slack billing channels going off. It's like this is [ __ ] awesome. >> Yeah. No, 100%. The How did you like So you said co-founder. Are you the technical one or you have co-founder technical or you guys just knew the right people? Yeah, I've had a friend who was actually we've been friends through MySpace since MySpace. We didn't talk until for many many years and then AOL was like, "We're announcing that we're shutting down aim the AIM AOL instant messenger." So, I logged in. I was like, "Holy [ __ ] they're shutting this down. I wonder who still uses this." I logged in and my friend from MySpace was still on there and I'm like, "Oh, [ __ ] Uh, what's up, dude? Where do you live?" And he's like told tells me where. And I'm like, "You're a half mile from me in Hollywood. Let's meet up." Uh, so then we started, you know, just like hanging out every, you know, every every so often. And then once I was at Fashion Nova, we started chatting more. Um, and he was like, "Dude, I had this idea for something." He had a better idea, which was live recover. And he's like, "Hey, you know, I can build this. Can you go sell it?" And he built the beta in a couple weeks. And while he was building it, I had, you know, 15 brands or 20 brands waiting to use it before it was done. And the brands were all big, right? We had like Young and Reckless. We had Liquid Death as like the second store we ever had installed. Crazy. But I had relationships with their firm. I knew who, you know, invested in Dollar Shave Club. I knew who did this. I knew who did that. And because I worked in some startups in LA and because of my meme network, I was doing distribution and brokering out deals for some of these brands. Um, I was just able to kind of get us customers early. But no, I'm not the technical one. Although I would I always say I know enough to break stuff, but not enough to build stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. I'm the CTO on paper and it's just like, you know, five million zaps and like a bunch of data connected. So, I'm like, yeah, I'm good. But I can break a lot of things. >> I can read code and I can fix like front end, you know, tweaking some button colors and like read through some logic and be like, oh, how does this work? Or this is a great way of doing things. But if someone's like, hey, I want to pay you to build something. I would say great pay me to build someone, I'm paying someone else to build it. >> Exactly. So that okay so live recover based on my research of what I did is you know that went over 100 million in recovered carts and then >> probably 250 million actually. >> Crazy. And then so you guys sold that I think you said 2021. Yep. >> Um and that was I don't know if you talked numbers on that but that was successful exit for you guys. >> Yeah we we we sold to a family office a private equity fund and they wanted to be private about the sale which was totally fine. I don't have any benefit to telling people who it was. Um, and yeah, we got, you know, >> a lot of cash up front and it was everything that we had asked for. Um, we probably could have got more. I know like a lot of people like, "Wa, you got such a good deal." Um, but if that company, I mean, Live Recover is bigger now than it was uh when we sold it, but if our company was at the same state now as it was in 2021 when we sold it, we would probably be able to actually get more than what we sold it for. Um, but yeah, it was a great outcome. We stayed for, you know, some time after and then transitioned that business into the new ownership and they've been running it since then. >> Nice. Cool. And then you said you the next one you bought and then grew and sold again. >> Yeah. Yeah. That was I mean I got lucky here. I'd like to say or I thought I'm like man I'm I'm [ __ ] good at this. >> That's that's how I felt. I mean maybe that's true also. But I uh I found an app which was ironically an agency partner and a friend of Live Recovers which that I had found and became friends with and their agency was big. It's called a 8 figureure a year agency development branding really good at what they do. Um they're called Van Group and they had built order bump as an internal tool to sort of sell into their client base because they're like oh they're you know generally asking us for this anyway. it didn't take us that long to build it and we can make some small extra recurring revenue over time. That got to let's call I don't know what they peaked at but when they maybe they peaked at 30,000 in monthly recurring revenue and then it took for the next year they just didn't focus on it. They're like oh we got even bigger brand clients and yada yada so we don't really want to invest into building a SAS when we really are running an agency. Uh, so that app sort of plateaued and and then just slowly was decaying for nine months straight and they were trying to offload it and they didn't have any buyers on I guess micro acquire acquire.com now and um some of the other brokered networks where you could sell a business and so I reached out and was like hey I'll give you this sort of like lower than what you're asking for offer but I have cash. I'm ready to move right now. I don't need financing. Like it's just me uh and you know me you know like I'll take good care of the brand if you will. I was going to like run it into the ground. And so they sold it to me. Um, let's say it was doing 24,000 in monthly recurring revenue or a little bit less. And then within a 100 days, I had gotten it back up to 30,000 MR. Uh, and somebody else that was raising a lot of money called AppHub, they they raised like $150 million or something. Um, and I bought this app for like half a million, right? Uh, they're like, "Oh, wow. You have a three months of growth month over month. This is like fits our profile for our portfolio. What are you willing to let it go for?" And I'm like, you can buy it off me for, you know, a million and a half or whatever it is. Uh, and they were like, great. And so I stayed for a couple months after, 3 months, I think, helped them transition it to their their portfolio and their internal team. And then, uh, I got to sort of step back. Um, and yeah, that was it for for Order Bump. It was a very short-lived um awesome flip. I in hindsight, I don't regret selling it, but I because like making a hund like let's call it making a million dollars in a 100 days, everybody would love that. Yeah. But if I had held it and built it and let it hold from then until now, I I probably would be able to sell it for five or 10 or whatever it was, >> I didn't really give it enough time to marinate. I just like >> saw a million bucks as soon as the oven was heated up, you know? I didn't get to I didn't really get to eat what was what I had done. So, um but yeah. >> Very cool. So then and then you've said now you've you've launched two other ones that haven't gone as well. But the other thing with you that I see at least online, you know, in public per perception is what it is, but like you feel I feel like you just like live a cool life. Like I feel like you just live like a fun like it looks like you travel like your watches, the car, like but in like not a how do I say this politely to other people who do this? Uh but like not in like a flashy way, but in like a you have like genuine interest. Like you like the certain cool car because of this. You like the watches because you actually care about that. like it looks like you have a like a genuine interest in a lot of that stuff which I don't think a lot of people do. Uh again, not to throw jabs, but I feel like you have like a genuine interest outside of just the business stuff, which is cool to me. >> So the era of of exploring that more. >> Yeah. I mean, I grew up uh with two immigrant parents and my parents divorced when I was young and we didn't have a really anything, you know, I we had nothing and so I definitely liked some things like this, right? I grew up as a normal dude who played sports, played video games. I was building computers when I was young. Maybe that was the one thing that was like not as normal as most kids, but um you know, I had DuPont registry, car, you know, paint like pictures on my wall. I had I like I got my first Fossil watch in whatever fourth grade, third grade. And I'm like, "Wow, I can't wait to get a fake Rolex one day, right?" and I get a fake Rolex and I'm like 13 because one of our friends dads like went to Egypt or something and I thought I was so [ __ ] cool and all of us are like little 13-year-olds wearing fake Rolexes at school and we like think we're hot [ __ ] Um but now as I got older like I still liked some of those things but I just wasn't in a position to prioritize spending money on things that were essentially like wasteful. Uh, and then after Live Recover, a lot of the sort of financial things came into into, you know, into fruition and they became real and I'm like, "Oh, wow. Now, like all the things that I've wanted maybe for a long time, I can decide if I really care about them or not." Uh, so I bought a G Wagon and I bought a vintage Mercedes and I already had a Tesla, but uh, buying those things that didn't make me happy, but like it was kind of like winning a medal and you're like, "Oh, great. Now I have this trophy and I feel great every time I drive it or look at it and I genuinely genuinely love it." But like it doesn't it's not like part of who I am per se. Uh but yeah, it's just you know it feels good. And then like with watches I I've always wanted to get into it and then once I actually started getting into it I realized wo there's like a huge community behind this that people are generally pretty interesting if you care about it. You can tell if you talk about watches for with people. Do they actually care or are they just buying it to show you what's on their wrist? Um, if you're, you know, the former, then you're like, "Wow, like who made wow, what four people spent eight months building this. The dial is hand painted. This is guilloshade. This is this way." And you you really start to appreciate it like art. But if you're someone you're like, "Hey, I paid, you know, 800 grand for that painting." You're like, "That looks like a child's watercolor painting." And he's like, "Yeah, that's a Picasso, you idiot." Right? And then like for someone else, you're like, "What? Wow, that Rolex is nice, but what? Wow, you have a $100,000 watch. like that just looks like a like a whatever and you're like yeah but like do you know anything about it and like the process and the materials and the history and like the heritage it's like no and so I think when you get deep into some stuff like that it's more for you and for the really deep knowledge type folks if you want to show off to people just you know get a Mercedes get a Rolex and then start selling courses. >> Yeah exactly yeah start selling courses is the real part. >> Yeah. So what were the do you talk about the other two? Oh yeah. So the other two apps, one was called Vigilance. >> That one I heard of that one. I think that was like when I Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean it was it was an idea that stemmed from Live Recover that one of our customers actually indirectly gave us without really knowing, but one of our biggest customers, they're a nine figure brand. Their CTO is like, "Hey, we love the Live Recover app, but your coupon codes end up on Honey sometimes in Capital One Shopping and and Retail Me Not and we have attribution issues with your coupon codes. We don't know what is or isn't coming from Live Recover. So, we feel like we might be overpaying y'all commissions. And sometimes those are influencer codes that we're paying Live Recover a commission and we're paying, you know, someone else a commission, right? And so, we're like, uh, weird. Okay. So, they're like, we want one, they said, one, can you make one time unique codes? Sure, that's an easy easy solution. And then the other asked was, can you actually tell us when our coupons get leaked online and can you tell us where? And we're like, whoa, that's a business right there. And so we launched this little free give us your domain and we'll email you every time your coupon codes leak online. And we called it coupon scout. It was like number one or number two on product hunt for the week. It was, you know, got lots of brands signing up. But then when we sold Live Recover, we didn't own it anymore. They, the company that bought Live Recover owned it and they didn't do anything with it for almost 3 years. And so we reached out, they gave us permission to relaunch the business. We rebranded it from Coupon Scout into Vigilance. So, it was a coupon leak monitoring and attribution app, but instead of it just emailing you, hey, this code leaked, we could actually stop coupon codes from being injected altogether and or we could tell you, hey, if a coupon code leaks and it's over this of value, 50%, automatically turn it off. If it's under 20% or 10 or whatever of the amount that you you deem is okay, then allow it to still be used, but tell us which orders had an injection, which and which ones didn't. So, let's just say that Ryan, you have followers on TikTok. I give you Ryan 15 and I'm going to pay you to give 15% off, right? And then I'm going to pay you 10% on commission of every sale that comes from Ryan 15. At the end of the month, you have 10,000 orders under Ryan 15, but you only have a,000 followers and your videos get 100 views. Well, maybe like that's most likely that it leaked, but there's not a real way for the brand to know. So in this case, our app could tell you, hey, out of those 10,000 Ryan 15 codes, only 16 of them came from somebody copying or typing the code in. All other 9,984 came from JavaScript injections and we could tell you which exact coupon extension was doing it. So that way you could clean up all this sort of invalid offic uh affiliate commission that was owed. >> So we were we were growing really quick in the beginning days. We launched in November 2022 and by February 2023, we're like, "Oh man, we're already at 120,000 in ARR. We think we can be a million-dollar business in the first year and if we hit that, like the path to getting to 5 million a year seems like reasonable." 90 days into launch, Shopify says, "Hey, it's ironically on Valentine's Day of 2023, they announced our checkout is upgrading to something called Checkout 1, and all the third party apps that utilize custom scripts in the Checkout, your app will be dead in one year." So, they [ __ ] us on Valentine's Day after we were just getting some initial traction. And granted, I'm not mad at Shopify for this. I understand the reasons why they did it. Although it's 2025 August and they still have not depreciated checkout.li liquid. It's been 3 years. They said it would be one. They've extended it a year for the last three years in a row. >> And so, but you can't partner with Shopify with other apps and Shopify salespeople like their what's called their merchant success managers. They're not going to promote apps that don't utilize their newest technology. So we would essenti like right now it's like you build AI. >> Uh you want to ride the you know the tailwinds and so that kind of we and we raised money for that app for the first time. It was our first app that wasn't bootstrapped and so it was a little bit tough and we had to pivot after that and um yeah so then we then we started building another app and unfortunately that app we just shut down like two weeks ago because Shopify made another update this year that basically killed our app along with a few others overnight. Uh so I spent basically like two and a half years on two businesses that Shopify crushed both. >> Yeah. No. Oh, and then even like uh order bump when you were talking about that. We're in um Blue Urban Mastermind, Ezra's thing. And Ezra, right, sold his not order bump, but like you know the version of his post. Yeah. So, he ended up selling those two there. So, it's like they control that, right? If they choose that one as the one, it's now that cuz I remember the days when like Bold would like redirect you out and >> Yeah. Recharge, Bold, Zipify, OCU, they have their own checkout and Recharge even today still does because Shopify has they don't allow it for anybody else. But recharge is like I mean if you look at what the total GMV which is the gross merchandising value of Shopify annually let's say it's 200 billion um about five or 7% of that is still on recharges checkout. So if they have to migrate people from recharges checkout to Shopify native and there's a problem they could they could literally have leakage of billions of dollars in revenue loss. So even though Shopify is not participating in that arbitrage of the of the processing fees, they want to be able to claim that revenue because it's coming from their merchants. So Recharge got almost like too big >> too big to fail. Yeah, >> they have no net new customers that can go on that legacy checkout. All net new customers have to be on Recharge, which is native sub native Shopify checkout and subscriptions. but they got so big that they did not get their old checkout uh discontinued or depreciated. >> Yeah, it's crazy. What are what is like the hot thing right now for subscriptions? I know everyone I see it all the time people complaining about how subscriptions through Shopify is just like this messy messy thing. And like I've seen as a consumer a few different ones like I've obviously seen the Recharge, but I've seen a couple other ones more recent that are better. Um but like is there like a go-to now that's the one for subscription management when it comes to that? It seems like everyone has their own slight case and opinion on why the one they use is better. And to be transparent, I did invest in two. One of them is called Sko and one is called Upscribe. Upscribe failed, so I lost money on that. Sko is still around. Um, but the founder, who is the main reason I invested, he left to start icon.com, this like AI >> Oh, yeah. >> whatever thing. uh AI content generation tool and SKO. I think the top providers are Recharge, Stay AI, Skeo, maybe Smarter with two Rs, and then there's like one or two others that I'm probably unaware of and I don't like in the in the end, the one that I would trust the most is probably Recharge. They've been in the space the longest. they really understand the space but stay AI and Skio came into the space later and sometimes there is a call it second movers advantage by being able to learn what the first people did wrong and in this case that'd be recharge and they built their business natively into the Shopify checkout from day one whereas recharge is managing essentially two environments from a legacy checkout and a new checkout perspective but I think if you went between recharge ski maybe smarter and and another one >> like do your own research but those are probably like the top top three to five. >> Yeah. Yeah. We're just now starting to talk about how we're going to get into physical products and what we're going to do with subscriptions when supplements and swag and we're talking tele medicine which is like completely different but to a consumer >> related stuff. >> Yeah. Where our ethos is like against GLP so it's more in we do we have a women's fitness company 40 to 60 year old women is like the direct target. Um and so that's like more of your HRTS more of your stuff in that realm. So there's other like prescription level stuff but then there's also a lot of supplements but those like conflict and you know one ships from a pharmacy, one ships from a um 3PL. So we're trying to like navigate where subscriptions live because the big bulk of the business is info coaching. So it's like onetoone personal training remote and low ticket products. So it's like low ticket info, high ticket info uh or I'm sorry high ticket coaching and then you know the the physical product too. So, we're just navigating that and like where subscriptions live and like how easy is it for someone to access like billing versus this versus that. So, yeah, it's a it's a fun game. But, all right, all of that happens and now you're here. Like, what is what's the hot thing now? Like, where where's your focus living? I mean, we just had to, you know, I got my tail in between my legs right now because we we basically had vigilance fail relatively quickly. Let's just say we raised we raised $250,000, which is a small amount of money. Um we spent maybe 30,000 or so launching the original app and then we offered to return our investment to our investors. They said no it's like a small amount of money for all of us who put in 510k each like try something new. >> Um so we built something new that was called internet research unit and that was like a a sales tool where we could tell you all this high it's like built with meets meets revenue data for for e-commerce but specifically for Shopify stores. So if you run an agency or if you're a If if you're an agency, you do it for lead genen. If you're a Shopify app, you use it for lead genen. If you're a brand, you use it to spy on your competitors to see how much money they're making per skew, right? So, we could tell you like, oh, Gym Shark makes uh 80 million a month and they make 8 million on this color and this and 800,000 on this color and this size. They sell this many units a day. Here's like everything about them. Here are all their ads from their ads library. Here's all of their discount strategies. here's like all the the the year it started the team or like just a bunch of highle data. Um but this year April it was like April 5th Shopify announced this sort of they plugged a hole in how we were able to acquire um all this data on the brands and the way that we were doing it was we were adding a million units per skew to and creating a checkout with just that one unique skew. So let's just say there's over a billion SKs on Shopify. We were trying to add a million units to a billion SKs a day and each one would if you can't if you try to buy a million, Shopify will say you can't buy a million but you can buy 1,02. That 102 is how many are left in inventory. So you would keep a rolling log of that every 6 hours. So every six hours you could do some math like okay assuming they didn't restock and if they did restock you'd have to correlated it to a outbound marketing email that maybe got pushed or a pre you know sign up here to get notified back in stock. So, we were pretty and then take a consideration like 10% off on the homepage. So, there's some assumptions around what the discount code usage is, the amount of, you know, sales if there was a a increase in inventory, but essentially we could tell pretty much within like 95% accuracy how many sales a day per skew and per variant on on all of Shopify. Now, of course, if you were a drop shipper and you didn't have any inventory, obviously print on demand, we couldn't do that for those. Um, but for a for the majority of Shopify Plus and Shopify Advanced, we could essentially track all that. And then in in April, they caught on and I don't know if this is directly why or not. And like shout out to these guys. They deserve all the stuff that they did and and they're they seem like they're great guys, but one of our competitors was called Next Big Shop. And they had raised I think $12 million. I'm like great. We we raised $250,000 and this is a pivot. So we're we're behind. But we built a comparable product to theirs. We went to market also got to 10,000 in monthly recurring revenue in the first few months with a path to much bigger and then that company next big shop got acquired although I don't think they returned capital to their investors like they they lost money essentially but the the founder and the CEO of next big shop became a head of product to Shopify >> coincidentally a few months later the way we were all c unit data gets patched and Shopify makes a makes it so that you can only add 25 units of each uh skew to to the cart at checkout now by default. So essentially like that business it still exists and it didn't break but like the main value prop that people came to us for was not to say like oh show me the brands that have you know just these apps installed. It was like show me brands making between 1 and 5 million a year that have Claio because I'm an email marketing agency that's specifically focused on Claio and I take people from 1 to 5 to to 5 to 10 and now we don't have that revenue data. So the the app's value essentially in my opinion was was like cut in half and so or or even more, right? And so since then the last few months um we were like trying to come up with some hailmary business idea and we're like let's do this in AI and then there's 20 of them and they're like okay it's almost tough to build it's almost risky to be building an AI unless you were started three or four years ago because you're not part of core infrastructure. you are a rapper with good marketing most likely and then you're just asking to be in a really highly competitive space and that's not bad necessarily but like it could it just means that the techn is moving fast enough where you can become irrelevant in 3 to 6 months. >> Yeah. >> And so for the same reasons I didn't get into NFTts and I didn't believe in like NFTs or web 3 to begin with but it was too new to take a risk on something because of how fast it seemed to be changing. And I know AI is a much more solidified and definitive thing than web 3 and crypto or not crypto but web 3 and NFTTS. Um but now you know we had to wind down the business. We had run out of the you know the 250,000 over three years which was a lot of time for a very little bit of money for a team of three people. >> Yeah. Um, and and yeah, so now I'm, you know, I'm about to to launch a supplement brand that's it's in the hydration and vitamins space, but it's not what you would expect. It's not just another electrolyte brand that's and I'm not saying there's there's a bad there's plenty of them that are absolutely crushing it and maybe even more to the what I had expected, right? Like you're like, "Wow, a liquid IV launch and there's like so many of these other ones." You would think that. And then there's people who are doing 100 million a year making like electrolytes for Spanish people with Spanish flavors. And you're like, "Holy shit." Okay, I see Electrolyte for I have a friend that runs electrolytes for golfers. And he's making 200,000 a month on Amazon. And I'm like, "What the [ __ ] It's just electrolyte packets, but it's got but it's branded to golfers. Great. Let's We're doing something like that, but it's more unique um than than just like a specific like >> spin out of a product." >> Very cool. So the so with that like are you I'm hearing crazy stuff about again I'm I'm all info coaching like my whole brain is on info coaching and like LTV to CAX and like uh high you know high ticket acquisition funnels through call funnels so this ecom stuff is always interesting and I watch a ton of content on it so I see like the you know Hudson comfort around Tik Tok shop and I see Josh Snow talking about Tik Tok shop and what they do and then Ezro we watch all those trainings on Google and meta and how they do different things there but what is like a go-to market of something like that for you. >> I mean, so because we're going to be subscription oriented and it's catering to a different, you know, like let's just say the like the pet category for example, right? Like pets, kids, um maybe elderly people, but like for the most part, you find sort of this category, something consumable. So for us, it's as a supplement. Um, we're going to launch with subscription only on our own website because we really want to double down on like retention, being able to offer free gifts, doing great branding and inserts and things that would keep people coming back and and collecting feedback if they're not going to come back and and hopefully making adjustments so they will. Um, we're not going to ignore Tik Tok shop and we're not going to ignore Amazon. But I think like you don't have as much control over Amazon and with Tik Tok shop it's it would be new for me cuz the last time I've run a brand was around early 2019 once when live recovery was taking off I sort of divested the brand but um of course starting with Meta and Instagram and Google right running a bunch of UGC content I think we're going to do what I keep hearing from among a bunch of friends and what seems to be the consensus on social media uh is like this Tik Tok clipping strategy which is essentially just making it's basically organized spam. Uh you can call it what you want, but it's essentially spamming at scale with control over what the the video you provide the assets instead of someone else just spamming nonsense. Um but so we're going to do that, right? We're going to probably end up having hundreds or thousands of accounts on Tik Tok. Some that are owned and operated internally and majority that are externally owned and operated by other people who do this as a you know as a way to monetize. Um, and then that won't be Tik Tok shop necessarily. That'll just be to drive natural organic Google search and and then on top of that, yeah, we're going to do, you know, the sort of Tik Tok shop approach, although it'll all end up like I saw Tik Tok recently announced you can do subscription or subscribe and save or recurring purchases. So, if that ends up being a great channel like and we can pay affiliates enough to get excited while the space that we're in is going to get very competitive very fast. So, this is one of those ch like times where you have to you have to run >> and and that is the opportunity, right? Like supplements are not really that defensible. Um, but yeah, so I mean it's going to be Facebook Meta or Meta, Facebook, Instagram, Google. We'll do some YouTube ads. We're going to do Tik Tok shop and then we're going to do clipping on Tik Tok and IG reels. Uh, and then the rest will be sort of like how do we build aggressive I I come from affiliate marketing and direct response. We're definitely going to be running a bunch of advertorials. We're definitely going to be, you know, finding affiliates who are very awesome media buyers that hopefully we can make a great offer where they can run traffic profitably for themselves and obviously for us. Uh, but that will probably come after like the Tik Tok shop thing is a little bit more straight to the point because they're buying in platform versus sort of like having a little bit more of moving parts. Um, but yeah, that's sort of going to be the the launch process for the for the supplement brand. Nurture. >> Nurture. Yeah, I saw I think I saw you post about like what did you say? >> I posted it or something. Oh, did you? >> Yeah, I deleted it because I didn't want too many people to see it yet just because like at the end of the day, if you have a great manufacturing relationship with a contract manufacturer and you maybe already have like your foot in the door on some of these things, it wouldn't be very challenging for someone to pivot or add this to their product line. And I want to we're going to come out swinging. I mean, that's going to be the only way this works. Um >> yeah, >> yeah, 100%. It was uh like I said, we're in the blue ribbon mastermind thing, which is hilarious because again, that's all e-commerce and we don't do e-commerce at all. But at one point, we were going to and we just stayed in it. And uh we were there and met the guys who at the time didn't have it. But we're talking about launching a female um you know, meat supplement or whatever it was, uh organ supplement. And fast forward whatever it was, a year and a half, two years, and Primal Queen is doing I don't know if you know, just >> Yeah, they're huge. >> Huge. And those guys literally like talking about it and they're like our buddies. So, we have a Slack Connect channel and we're like, "Do you want to know?" You go hang out with them and it's like, "You talked about Mr. and it's like [ __ ] like every day." >> They called it a shot and they did it, huh? >> Oh, yeah. Called it hard and did it. So, yeah, they hit it. They hit it right in that in that pocket. But they'll talk about kind of how their structure is and they always are just like, "Yeah, it just goes back to creative. Goes back to creative." Ton of CRO and that long form landing page. They have like one direct obviously for hero and now they've expanded, but those guys are just crushing, crushing, crushing. So, >> yeah. Back in the day, I mean, whenever I was starting as a media buyer doing the affiliate, like I call it gray hat, black, it was black hat affiliate marketing, it was really how can you trick the algorithm with your creative, but your targeting to get the earliest sort of engagement signal to Facebook and then like it you mean you're getting one cent half of a penny targeted link clicks to women 35 to 50 with ads, right? and you're talking about making not like a return on ad spend of X, but like a ROI of 300 to 500%. Whatever it is, but it was very dependent on the targeting and very specific parameters. You could pick things like credit card scoring and all these things that Facebook used to layer on top of their audience, you know, uh demographic data. Now really the targeting is the creative is the targeting now. And you have to trust because I'm sure there was many reasons, but it could have been like, you know, a prejudice or almost like you're taking advantage of certain people by targeting them in certain ways and and for for bad reasons, right? Like not because you're trying to help them, because you're trying to do something negative. So now, yeah, I mean, now like to the Primal thing, it's just all it's all content is the targeting, which >> for us, I think will work out well because it's a product focused on parents. >> Yeah, it'll be interesting. the you hear a lot of people talking about that like how you layer brand plus direct response into one because everything's going so much further brand brand brand but you know you need a moat at some level for that like there's >> you become a brand by selling a lot of products >> if you you could would you rather have 10,000 sales a year and be like yeah we're super focused on brand or would you rather have a million sales a year and be like mostly focused on direct response but being like well you help 10,000 people a year do you really have a brand we sell to a million people a year. Even though we're like a little bit more aggressive in our messaging, we sell to a million people a year. So, I would think that like we actually have the brand here. >> Yeah. >> It's easier to become a brand after doing direct response. You It's not as easy to be like, you know, we're just going to focus on brand and hope that we get there. You to your point, you have to do both. But I think it's like over anchoring on the thing or overindexing on the thing that actually makes the money is generally not a bad idea. >> Yeah, 100%. Yeah, we're like extremely heavy DR if you were like did it based on attribution like it's 99% paid but we have this massive HIMS is like the biggest proactive is literally like running television ads commercials phone call live HDTV whatever like they were the biggest direct response company and they were like one of the largest brands right >> yeah exactly like that you can definitely pony them together but >> cool so I see your stuff where you talk about like fake VC or that you've done like all these angel investments like I see random tweets or whatever What have you had any like crazy wins over there? Like do you focus on that at all? Like cuz you're in the space, right? You're plugged with everybody. It feels like >> I stopped focusing on it because I hit like a number where I said, "Look, I know because I sold my business, I should invest this much into angel investments or whatever." Uh, which ended up being like around 40 companies. I've had a lot that went to zero. And that's just the name of the game. I've had no capital returned so far. It's been >> four years. Um, so it's not like that long as that long of a time frame, but like there are some in that portfolio that have done well, but just because they haven't gotten acquired yet, I've gotten no capital. But like create creatine gummies I invested in two and a half years ago, I'm up, >> you know, 15x on paper. Uh, I'm up on Mad Rabbit Tattoo. I'm up on Everyday Dose Coffee. I'm up on uh Motion App, the SAS Tool. I'm up on uh Postpilot. They're like a direct mailing product for e-commerce, so you can send physical mail to people people's mailbox with like marketing brochures and stuff. Um, and there's some other like some dental platform, but yeah, I mean majority of them are like not that exciting and there's a handful that I'm like up 15 to 20 10 to 25x and those are exciting, but it's just on paper, right? So until they either issue a dividend and they're profitable or they get acquired, it's really just like it's like a fugazi a little bit until until it's realized. But it feels nice to see that some of them you have picked some winners that that they will realize and become winners to you. To me, I don't know. Um but those are some of the the companies that I'm like most excited about and I think they all have those specific businesses have great products. >> Yeah, I've never done it. I've always it's it's always been some dumb public thing, some cryp or some you know computer coin or our own business and now I'm starting to see like the fun ones like I just saw Brad posted theirs. Um >> is great. They're also raising money at a $250 million valuation. So unless they sell for$500 million plus just to double your money. I'm not saying it's not a good investment. Those guys are awesome. Aaron's awesome. Nick Shackleford's a smart guy. Their branding is like second to none. I just think that if you're coming in this late in the game, you might have missed the ride up and not I could be completely wrong, right? I have no idea. >> I think that if you were just trying to not not just double your money, that's great. But if you're trying to double your money on something at that scale, you either got to be putting in a lot of money and have a long time frame or it's not that interesting in my opinion. Although if you're a Coca-Cola or you're a drink brand, you're like, "We're just going to give you this because we want to start to test if you fit our portfolio and then we're going to buy you." Makes total sense. >> Yeah. No, that's uh I don't know their exact numbers, but I think he said public I think he said publicly in that post like >> million in the last year or something like that. Yeah. >> Yeah. So that's uh whatever it is mult multiple x on >> top multiple on revenue which is you know maybe a 15x multiple on profit which isn't like it's getting close to like what I don't know what Poppy or Ollipop was you know acquired for based on their margins but you know they're probably one of the bigger fastest growing drink brands uh at least in their category they're probably number one. >> Yeah. Well cool. What uh what else do you see right now happening in DTOC land that's like exciting? Like you said some AI stuff which again I'm I'm with you. It's kind of like infrastructure the the bricks have been laid and now it's kind of a lot of pieces on top of that. But like is there anything that stands out to you as fun or sexy or cool that's happening in DC land? I think over the last 2 years it's been very clear that gummies have become like the new, you know, medium and format for for a lot of these new brands, right? It was creatine gummies and then it was before like 10 years ago it was hair growth gummies on Instagram called Sugar Bear Hair, which >> friends with the guy who sold that >> awesome company, awesome outcome. Uh, but then you fast forward, it's like, okay, creatine gummies. I started laughing at it, which is why I invested because I'm like, this is a dumb idea. What happened? And then I'm like, "No, the the fact that you're saying that and guys are getting enraged and leaving comments like the powder's cheaper, it increases the engagement on all the ads and I'm like, that's why I need to invest." So I thought gummies was like a really big category and I considered jumping into the space myself. But instead, I just invested in create. Then I saw Gruns, which Gruns was like, we see Athletic Greens growing like 500 mil. They're at 500 plus 600 million a year with one skew just selling greens powder. But some people hate the way it tastes. Let's make greens powder a gummy, make it taste good. and they're gonna be bigger than Athletic Greens probably in a in a third of the time, right? Do I think that gummies are going to be for a forever thing? Like, no. You're starting to see people say like, "Oh, well, you're taking in all these extra calories and it's extra sugar and it's extra gelatin or like whatever. You might not, you know, need that." So, like, what's the new thing? Um, it seems like creatine outside of just gummies has become pretty big, right? Colostrum has clearly become mainstream with Armra as big as Athletic Greens. There's plenty of second, third, fourth, fifth place players that are running massive, you know, Cowboy colostrum, Bloom supplements colostrum, you name it. There's brands doing 5000 million a year just riding the coattail of the of the category leader, which is a not a bad thing to do. >> Um, but now it seems like we're getting in this place where people are starting to want to do less for their routines and and this is just my perspective, but like a threein one, right? You see Brian Johnson, the like don't die guy. um he sells a longevity mix that's collagen, protein, and creatine in a lemonade. >> And it's like, okay, that makes sense, right? >> I'm not gonna buy that because maybe I want to just have one individual thing and I'm not like over supplementing. But if you're taking all that stuff every day, you're like, geez, I got to do this and I got to do that. It's just like process to have four different drinks. I don't like mixups. They taste like [ __ ] these two in one, three in one, four in one type of supplements if you can keep the potency and the efficacy and the claims are all there and the quality of the ingredients are there. I think that's a very natural way to go. You could always, you know, say, "Hey, well, like, do you want to be the steak knife or the Swiss Army knife, right? I prefer to be the steak knife." You're like, "Dude, hands down, there's no better creatine than momentous or or form or whatever it is." Oh, okay. Just because Brian Johnson uses Creapure and puts creatine and colostrum and this and this and this in one, do I think that that's the best way for me to get my creatine if that's what I care about? No. So, in that case, a diehard creatine user is not going to switch. But if you're a new to the market type uh customer and you're like, you know what, I I think it's like a cool thing to drink less alcohol. I want to focus on my health. Seems to be in trend, right? to like be very there's social wellness clubs like we're really starting to get more into into socially being healthy. I think for most people a 3 in one or 4 in one or whatever it is type supplement is probably like a great place to be and to start. So I think that is it's already out there but I think that's going to be a growing thing. >> Yeah. I heard some I'm trying to remember what podcast I was listening to, but they were talking about like the changing consumption method and going from powder to gummy and then they were trying to talk about like what could be next in that and it's like there gels are there like shots, you know, and they're like, "Oh, people hate shots. That's not a good idea." I'm like, what about this >> shots of al like I know of a company called that sells protein shots, not injectable shots, shot glass, but it's in like a little 5h hour energy type of thing and it's got five calories and it's 35 gram of protein and essentially like a little lemonade shot and they're like, you know, $2.50 or whatever it is. And so if you're going to the gym or if you're on a run or whatever or whatever you're traveling, you just like want to get extra protein, they're selling protein shots. Like I don't know if that's >> or not. Yeah. I'm over here like right I literally left the gym and I just buy these and I refuse to drink a lot of them because of whatever's terrible in them. I have one a day is what I'm allowed though. >> They taste so good. >> Powers are awesome. >> So good. 42 grams like can't beat it. But yeah, I don't know. The the consumption method thing is interesting. And then also the I'm the the multi-inone to me because we're talking about doing this now is like your AOV just goes bloop like versus being able if you're like a catalog company or a collecting company and you sell a creatine a pre a pump and whatever like having four SKs I guess it's easier to manage one skew and inventory and all that but also like you're not selling it for the combined total of all four of those. you're still in the 50 range or 60 or whatever range versus being in 240 bucks for someone to get their like monthly supplements. So, that's like an interesting economics thought that we're having is like does that work or does it matter? Um because that was the other question is like you're starting this thing up and what does it take nowadays? I see different people that are like, "Oh, it's 30 to 50 grand to basically like launch one of these new brands and get like essentially XYZ minimum orders or minimum quantities." But, and you don't have to give exacts, but like roughly speaking, you got to do all your cool designs. You got to do your, you know, your site. You got to give minimum inventories. You got to do XYZ research. Like, is that 30 grand to start one nowadays? Is it 50 grand to start one nowadays? I'm doing this with a buddy and we're probably give or take around 100. Um, and that's including let's say it's probably closer to like a like 120. um for the product that we're making, it's not like as simple as like, oh, salt and magnesium and some flavoring and whatever. So, so let's just say that like, >> you know, let's say you have 50 cents for a bag. You have a stick pack and there's 30 and they're 4 cents per stick pack. You have 30 in a in a bag. So, that's $120 for the stick packs in raw raw printing costs, 50 cents for the bag. So, you're $1.70 just in raw materials. And you're going to ship it to a contract manufacturer. Let's just say that's, you know, 500 bucks. But then you got so $1.70. Then you have the cost of the actual raw materials, the labor, the formulation, the R&D, the sampling, the development if they got multiple revisions. And let's just say that you're not getting all of that in your early orders at call it 5,000 bags, which is times 30 stick packs of only 150,000 stick packs. You're not getting that for under $10 a bag at the manufacturer. Yeah. At least not at that low low volume, lowQ, right? and you're barely hittingQS and you're wasting overage with raw materials because you might be over purchasing amino acids or purchasing more of something else and that just means you're spending 12 15 grand on on like cuz it's maybe 25 kilos of a minimum order for a certain thing and you're only using five of them because your order size is so small. So then you end up having waste, right? And then you account let's say it's $12 a bag plus $1.75 for your cost. So now you're like $14 a bag. Even if 5,000 order 5,000 bags that's 70 grand, right? And then you let's say we spend 15k on design, that's 85. And you know, spend another five getting legal setup, putting a little bit of money in the bank account, um opening up Shopify, some of the other things, and then another 10 for site development content, some video, UGC, blah blah blah. Like that's just to start without even really running any ads. that's at a h 100red grand. Um, and so if you're launching something off the shelf that's not custom and maybe you're not having to order a lot of these raw materials, maybe you're like piggybacking off of another customer who had wasted raw materials where you can buy and and maybe take over some of their stuff, you could get the cost down, right? Like I think you could launch a tallow beef tallow skin care brand for 30. Uh, and you can maybe launch an electrolyte brand in a tub that doesn't have stick packs and a bag for for less than what we're doing, right? It really just depends. But I think, yeah, for if you could get it done for under 50 and you have the resources to have $50,000 yourself or through friends and family or whatever, and you can take a shot for 30 or 50 grand on something that could really work, I think that's a lower risk u business than than a lot than a lot of businesses. >> Yeah, it's interesting. And then what is so the goal with this brand then is obviously very likely to exit it because I keep hearing over and over again like a lot more as of late that like e-commerce like screw the margin. It's only for the exit play. It's only for the exit play. And there's obviously like direct direct response people that play that game very differently. Um where it's you know all built around cash flow or attempted to be all built around cash flow. But what what is the play there to build big? Cuz I mean even the breads we were just talking about like they were talking about you know inventory constraints and how it's always tied up and you hear big guys like Fogerty and whatever be like yeah like that's the g name of the game. You just got cash sitting on shelves. You got cash sitting waiting to be >> you're always rolling your gains forward in these brands right for inventory for sales tax for tax whatever. Um, obviously the end goal is not if you get acquired because the end goal is just to build a really healthy business, a sustainable build business that could weather any storm and that's got defensibility to some degree, whether that's brand defensibility or you're it's not going to be your ingredients, right? It's not like you come up with and invent some trademarked ingredient that you own. Um, so I think for us it's like, yeah, how do we get from zero to 10,000 monthly subscribers in the first year, six months, right? If you can go from 0 to 10,000 subs in 6 months or a year and those recurrings are paying >> 40 bucks a month and you have 400 grand in monthly recurring revenue, of course, that's not that you might be making a 40% margin on that. But still, if you have a quarter million or 200,000 a month coming from subscriptions, that's pure profit. you have a much more predictable, you know, inventory forecasting and a reordering. And then at that point, if you're making $2 million, $3 million as a quote lifestyle business where you didn't have to raise money from investors and, you know, you can distribute that as you feel appropriate, that is the that's always the goal. >> But if you build a healthy business like that, those are the kind of businesses that get acquired. >> Yeah. >> You don't have that and you're always having to roll. Well, you're always just chasing growth because you raise money and that's how you raise more money to to do it all over and over and over again. You're chasing that. You're basically running in a circle and and just having to keep doing that. And that's not >> definitely not the goal for us. >> Um I think, you know, if we build it a minimum of a $10 million a year business, then that will be that'll be cool. If we get to, you know, millions, multiple eight figures a year, then it would be like, wow, we've really got something on our hands here. I don't think that like we would ever not. We would sell if the right number came about, right? But it's not like let's build this because we think we can sell it to somebody. >> Um >> that's Yeah, that's just not >> Yeah. Yeah. It makes a lot of sense. Yeah. You hear people talking all the time with the whole subscription game is just constantly figuring out like where that LTV goes and where your actual churn exists and then you're optimizing around it. So then you we can lean into spend harder and it's like you accelerate even further that whole like needing to pour cash back in because you're like, "Oh, cool. Now a new month has happened." and you're like, "Okay, 40% of them stayed. That means I can move this much more to the front on my CPA." And it's like it's a it's a never- ending cycle whenever you look at it. >> Yeah, it'll be interesting for sure. We'll be probably pretty public. We're not going to be like one of those building in public type of folks because it's there's not really an upside. I'm never going to my co-founder >> doesn't need to promote himself. He doesn't want to be public. I don't want to sell a course ever. At least I have always said that. Uh, and so for us it's like, yeah, we don't really want we don't want to encourage competition, but um, it, you know, >> I'll probably post some little tidbits out there about what it is, >> uh, once it's live because I'll want people to give us honest feedback, but hopefully not to just like write, >> not just rip it. Yeah. >> No, we'll just create a race and it's like, [ __ ] I was the only one in the race before. Now we got a whole people that we brought to the to the track. >> Yeah, it's fair. Well, cool, man. This is fantastic. I mean, we did a lot of business talk on this and there's some questions around life and lifestyle, but you know, we're running up on the hour, so we might have to do a part two >> for sure. >> Cool. Well, I appreciate you. Uh, people find you. Where's the core place? X. >> Yeah, probably on X. I still call it Twitter, but I guess it is X. Uh, and then with Dennis Haggad on X. That's where I where I spend most of my time lurking and and [ __ ] posting and reading. >> Fair enough. Yeah, it still doesn't roll off the tongue to be like, "Oh, I tweeted." I don't really know how you say I exed. >> A tweet is a verb. That was what me and you created a word that didn't exist. That was an action. X, you just post stuff like everywhere else. And it's like, oh man, you missed you messed up right. But Elon knows what he's doing. I'm just uh you know. >> Yeah. Yeah. Same. Yeah. Okay. >> Well, cool, man. I appreciate you and I will get this up today. Tonight. >> Awesome. You Ryan. It's been a good It's been a good good time. >> 100%. Talk soon. >> All right, man. >> Thanks. See you.