TITLE: The Man Behind $100M/yr Info/Coaching Brands (1.5hr Deep Dive)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYsyH729AMM
VIEWS: 4610 | DURATION: 01:39:45
================================================================================

Yeah. >> All right, guys. We are live. >> There we go. We've got Nick Fisher. >> A lot of you probably don't know who he is. The real killers know who you are 100%. But I based on the feedback, I got an X. A lot of people had just come up on your stuff from some of what you were sharing new. So, if you could give a little bit of context, who are you? Where you currently at? And then we can dive into some history stuff live. >> Yeah. I am uh co-founder of New Reach Education and Aexa which are fancy ways of saying we do something similar to what Hormosi atacquisition.com does or Agora does. We have a portfolio company of a bunch of learning brands. Our biggest brand that people know these days is Pace Morby at subu.com. Um but we also have Astro Flipping our portfolio. We run the prime mover offer for Russell Brunson and uh before Oh, really? >> Yeah. Before all Yes. There's a few the entity the entities that uh you know we've collected over the years is pretty significant. Um we've been doing this since 2019. I had left consulting.com with Sam Ovens. Me and him um had moved the company to LA at the time. He was just starting school had just bought school.com and we were in the we were pre-revenue there. And basically I was more passionate about what we had been doing at consulting.com but going deeper with the kind of the mastermind level individuals kind of like yourself like I just like I like going deep on certain brands having a info product myself where it was just teaching beginners how to start businesses or anything like that is great. I love working with people who are passionate about that stage. But what I'm passionate about is building companies, building teams, especially growth teams, um, and just refining things day by day. So, fast forward six years later after that, we have, um, over five SAS companies, our portfolio, over 10 info brands. Um, and yeah, dude, I'm excited to super transparent. I like to tell everyone how it is. I don't necessarily build in public, obviously. Um, so the phrase goes, but recently I had the this this whole year for me is about specifically now focusing on YouTube organic. So I want to steal all your secrets, too, for how you grew so fast. It sounds like from what I can see, dude, it's consistent hard work. Um, and you just kept putting on videos, so there's maybe no shortcut, huh? >> Yeah. Um, no. I mean, I've heard about you for a long time. Uh, I think I I heard about you even prior to the consulting setup cuz you were what officially there CMO or CR? What was it? >> Yeah, I was I was director of marketing. There was no CMO though. So, it was just uh I was employee number one. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. >> Yeah, cuz I heard about you back then. And then are you public? Like you just said seven and 10 of these like brands. Are you like public about the portfolio or is it more like Golden Hippo? Like if it comes out, it comes out. >> Yeah, I know, right? Yeah. like Hippo and Acquisition.com, they're a little they they're not front facing with the portfolio. I like to be >> because at the end of the day, it's it's a filter for it's a filter for would I like feel good about, you know, working with this person. If I can't be proud of them publicly as a badge, then to me it's not that means I'm compromising some of my ethics or values or something there. So, not saying that everyone else is, but >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, >> sounds like those two giant companies are, but uh we >> Exactly. For me, there's more there's more um opportunity in actually letting people know. If you go to new reached education.com, you see you see a a good chunk of them all. We don't always stay up to date, but yeah, I'm happy to talk about any and all those brands I mentioned >> and the ones that failed too. There's like another 10 to 15 that are no longer working. Um, so we have about over time a 50% hit rate on track record of starting this from scratch. Will this actually work? >> Yeah. So you said SAS. I mean, is there a specific buy box or whatever you want to call it that works at this point? >> Yeah, we're really good at growing SAS brands to like over a million dollars in ARR and not much after that. So SAS typically comes about not from um not from us buying or acquiring um tools although we're certainly open to that in the future but rather partnering with someone who can be the technical founder and then we provide the distribution and from from our info businesses. So almost all the SAS except for one was u launched or was kind of initially started or got to tipping point because of um a painful customer problem that we couldn't solve with just information alone. >> Yeah. Interesting. So almost always they're on the back or bolted in somehow to the info coaching. What do you call it? You call it education, right? You call them education businesses. >> Yeah, dude. I uh I saw a Godz video last night where he was like, "I don't know how I got into this coaching, e-learning, um consulting, infospace, internet marketing thing." That's basically it, right? It's it's all those terms. >> Yeah. Like e-learning sounds like people are going to just That's going to be a millennial thing. If we say e-learning, people will be like, "What do you mean e-learning? Is it everything's in the cloud? Everything's learning." >> Yeah. >> Right. So learning businesses, businesses where I can solve educational awareness problems is the common theme. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. It's interesting. I mean I I like info coaching and it's directly what we sell, right? It's like a lot of people will sell info and then go into like the info coaching hybrid, that classic model with group coaching on top of like layered plus community. It's like the very very classic. But I mean >> Yeah. >> Yeah. When you get it done for you and agency and all that, you kind of hit exit velocity or physical products. But >> I want to dive deep. You invited me. So I from somebody in your group in your world cuz then you have this whole aexa side. So I want to understand the difference of that. So what is that right? How do you pronounce that? >> Yeah. So um dude yeah the most common question I say it's a gexa to me but aexa is the intelligence arm or the go to market arm of new reach education and it is formally now for for all of that. we've kind of moved into a a point where I'm really passionate about just working with experts and there's a lot of people like yourself um and like Chris Fos's team and Cody Sanchez last year a lot of people that I would love to work with but it's just the equity play is not there either they you know the business valuation just doesn't make sense to even invest someone in and or they don't want to right they don't know me so it allows me a vehicle to to kind of curate um learning for myself like I love being around I love being in masterminds but when you start to outgrow them um and usually you do at some point not always but it's hard to make a collective group grow together in a certain direction so you lose people um both up and down and for me this whole year is about okay figure out what one channel you want to anchor on on social um recently we decided that was YouTube organic grow personal brand there for me that allows me to curate more the things that you just posted about. I care about people watching this who want to work for a new reach in our brands because every brand that we start we dilute talent. It's like I can't just pull the sub two sales team and start this brand without sub two collapsing, right? Um and it's easy in theory to say hey go and hire five more sales reps blind as like a recruiter um to start this new brand but that's has a hard chance of you know rejection too. So to me, we want to build the best talent bench in the world. If if I had to articulate one internal vision for GEXA and then the external vision for me is to create a community and mastermind where we've eventually codified much like how Agora did in this book 600 pages of just internal evergreen SOPs of what works in this space and become the definitive kind of new document for for what works. So that's that's the ambition. Interesting. Yeah. So, there is a play to make it the info coaching, mastermind, education, whatever you want to call it world. >> Yeah. And if anyone's watching this and you guys and you guys have a certain project, that's usually what people come to us for these days is um you've noticed that group that you're that you came into, it's community-led growth is the focus though, cuz that's what we're becoming known for at Sub 2. A lot of marketers and salespeople are really really good at the the front-end tactics. And I'd like to think that we pretty much have pioneered a motion where it starts in community and community being in the actual like confines of your Facebook group, school group, W group, whatever it is. And how do you use that into inform ascension sales marketing uh to do a even better job. So that's that community curation is what we've been doing for seventh level. Cody, Chris Voss, and a few other people who you would be surprised, dude. Like I know you have student portals and like them all in one spot, but a lot of people don't. Um, and for some bigger people, I found I was like, it's crazy that 6 years after I started teaching this at consulting.com with Sam that the idea should be nested community and LMS. Um, and really, uh, in the future, I think it's going to be even more than that. It just the whole experience itself will be nested somewhere. Yeah, I think uh it's interesting getting on those calls with you guys and learning about I didn't know a lot of that stuff. I don't have a ton of context of a lot of people in the space before I started to do this and then I connect with people and it's been such a learning thing for me too which has been a huge pro. Um just being able to talk to other like highle guys and people like we I had uh Brooke reach out when I had like 200 subscribers. So I was like 15 days into making videos. Brooke Hiddink reached out. They were doing like three million a month in like I just started to get these like three million a month, 2 million a month, 500ks, 5 like all reaching out, sharing looms, all their dashboards, all their numbers, their funnel flows and I was like and like asking me questions where I could maybe give some value and then I was also learning a ton. So like getting those people in the room. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So getting those people in the room is super nice. And so like right now and tell me where you think or if you see something else but it's like um Cole has kind of the OG. Well, truly the OG was ovens with him like having consulting and having quantum. We can skip forward to now imman has consulting and he has quantum. So like I paid for that before it was that I paid for it when it was 8 figure 8 figureure license >> and it was like all personal brand focused and I was that was my kick in the ass to make videos. I was just like oh yeah I need to lean in this personal brand way. Iman crushes it with talent and this and this and this like because of that brand. >> Yep. >> So I paid for that. They teach you a million in one things and all this stuff in the course and access to his whole team and whatever. And in the end, I just like made Loom videos, but like it was my kick in the ass to actually make videos and like I could get questions answered about growth. >> Um, so that now is though uh consolidate uh consulting.com quantum is what they so it's now that. So theirs is there. You got >> Yeah, he reestablished quantum. Then you've got Cole who has eight figure license. And then you've which is like kind of the other OG or longer term. And then you've got Jeremy Haynes and his is like paid million dollar months like call funnels high ticket very that world. Like those are the three right now that exist. >> You having one that you built that would be like creator le community side ascension LTV consumption like all those things >> is a whole another bucket. >> Yep dude. And that's and that's the bucket that I think I I own and I own pretty well. Um and when it was me and Sam and Quantum, you kind of got that ability cuz I could speak to all the team side which was fun. Um if Sam wanted to deflect to me and then central methodology and everything, including one call close and his inbound system, that's all him really. He taught me that and opened my eyes at the time. Um so I came from a job where I was doing set clothes. But that is the type of community I want to curate. And you're that that audience, the old consulting audience. Yeah. split between those three. Uh it all just kind of separated out and people, you know, chose based off of the stage that they were in. Um but dude, what I what I would really love Yeah. is basically people who have the ambition to build to exit. either they want to go the Brunson way and they're going to build kind of SAS and tack it on as an ascension vehicle or a retention of revenue vehicle just like what we did or if they're interested in doing something like what Cardone did which is gradually broaden until you become start as used car sales trainer or used car salesman then used cars trail trainer then sales trainer then real estate investor then real estate coach and and online education then fund right so with our real estate brands we're following that um where the portfolio and the deal flow collaboration um just keeps you keep ascending and you keep solving painful problems for people until you have a fund, right? Until you have capital leverage. So, if anyone has the ambitions to do that, whether they're at eight or seven figures and just like growth in teams, that's who I want um in this in this crowd. >> Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, because it's like I I can only speak I can't speak on Kohl's right now in that world um because I haven't been part of it other than that it's like long-standing. It was a lot of the guys who ascended through there um that were his customers, right? And like are like core owners, right? Core offer owners that then really turned like businesses. >> Jeremy's is like, you know, it's the growth operators. It's like I just spoke at that one in Miami the last like whatever the last month. Um and those guys are hilarious. Like it's paid paid paid like hammer it like go going this way. And then Eman's is the opposite almost of what you just said about like build it to exit and do all this stuff and like crazy like his is selfquidating events. I mean they did 10 mil in profit on that event like >> in Yeah. in like a fiveday >> selfquidating that's uh that's I would say >> no because it was still a portion of it was paid then he's got the you know reverse reverse uh acquisition because he does the organic stuff that gets paid on YouTube to acquire. So it's like he has like all these things that are like whatever it is 70% or 80% margin with zero interest in selling worldwide talent all that. So it's like these vastness on these buckets are like cool and no one is doing what you're talking about. So 100% I think you should do the communityled version of it. >> Yeah, I'll show you. Um this is I think let me just make sure it's not anything sensitive on here. This might give everyone a little bit of a better idea is that on a this was 2022. This was our best year as far as profit goes. But you have all these brands. So we're really good at just getting brands to eight figures and profitable. So I like kind of like you said, it's a hybrid of all of them. I don't want to selfquidate. I still want to be CO as positive and we start with paid. So I hammer people on the front end too. Um but over time what we attempt to do is that this like this year and the students that we had um cash basis didn't look quite as good but you can see like some fail some don't. >> Um and from there you have customers and you're see positive on the front end. I never really was great at the quick ascension or the, you know, the pressured ascension to a mastermind where you don't have everything that you have. So, we did a little bit of one-off masterminds, but primarily we asked just last year for the first time. We did a live event. That's the one that did >> really well. Um, over 10 million topline, 12 million topline I think. And then this year it was 17 because of the renewals. So, we're finally now just ascending. We have a really really slow LTV uh for >> for us still I mean those numbers are wild. I didn't realize uh I didn't realize that that margin was that high on those and it's because of that high ticket and because of the ascension because of the back end right like once you acquire them LTV's got to be crazy. >> LTV's got to be crazy. So it's it's a secret you have to focus on community in order to wait that long to pull your reciprocity that out otherwise people leave. So we we have really really good engagement retention. We have really good student leader retention. We have close to 30 student leaders in the sub 2 community who lead different metros and meetups geographically. So that has to happen in order for you to kind of mobilize them into an event. Nowadays, I'd be like, shoot, we should have started with the event and built into it every year instead of just jumping right to a 2,000 person event and then to a 3,000 person event and then this next year will be like 3,500 maybe. So, we're running out of venues, but it's it was so electric. I I hope that you get to go. I'm going to send you the date so you can >> Yeah, I was going to say, yeah, Luke had said something about you guys having that last one. Um, >> it's it's fun because now we're doing enough money where I can book keynote speakers. So, the goal, we'll see if it happens in the future for publishing. We're just going to try to bring people into our ecosystem as a speaker, pay them, um, get around them, show them that the community that shows up for our events is different, and then maybe see if there's work to be done there. >> Yeah. Interesting. So who's like you said ICP is somebody who can have that massive backend that you see as like a true potential is like dream state ICP >> insane clown posy or ideal customer profile >> ideal yeah dude my dad that's long story but yeah my dad did landscaping for those guys and like put in waterfalls and whatever >> where where are you guys from said Detroit you're a Detroit based entrepreneur >> yeah do you still uh do you still claim Detroit. >> No, >> I never claimed it. I never claimed it. >> Born and raised. Born and raised. And then I bounce like crazy. I'm going out to uh I think I'm going to move to Scottsdale, though, like a month or two months. >> Yeah, dude. Hit hit me up. We'll have a good time. I'll I'll sell you moving here. >> Yeah. >> Um >> but what what were you asking me again? Sorry. No, so just like you said you had said that you like dream state of of a new partnership or a new client to add to that that's in the info coaching education whatever space not the SAS but the info coaching side is someone truly that what just has that massive potential for backend that can continue to grow in the direction where Ascension is a fund or whatever. >> Yeah. So my my what what I want what we've just realized at this point is we want people that have good retention of attention. I talked about it on one of our Q&A calls is like I really think that competing for attention is is going to be the red sea in the future of just like hookbased virality. Um you can win at it but it's a blood bath and it's like being a lowcost leader so competing for attention. Um where I would rather look through someone who has let's just call it a million YouTube subscribers but they have average watch time of over 50% of each video. Um, some people have it even higher I've noticed on metrics like I'm just now starting to get into that doing it for myself. So I and people who gravitate towards long form video and let's call it big gross average watch times and hold retention. I've noticed there's correlation between that and being able to do the same thing on a webinar. Like Pace can hold someone after the webinar starts for 3 4 hours before he gets to a CTA with very little drop off. So, I'm looking for someone who can do that more naturally. I've noticed with some people that have a lot of clout or following on Instagram. They can often have not only uh certain egos at certain follower levels um and levels of fame, but gatekeepers, people that want to protect them. A bunch of other complex brand deals that you have to navigate. Um you know, NDAs, this that and the other. There's just a lot of stuff that is super complex. So someone like a uh David Gogggins isn't a perfect fit, but he anchored our event this year and was my like quote unquote hook to the end. Um who was on day three, right, and just kept people in the room the whole time. And it was electric. Like that guy, he might not have a YouTube channel, but his retention of attention when I had seen him speak at other events is so good. Everyone is quiet, locked in, focused. He has just such command of the room that that's who I wanted, right? and we'll see if it ends up working out with him long term. Um he he's pretty adamant about you know certain things so we don't we don't push but it got us exposure to him for the first time and got to see like is this someone we want to work with. >> Yeah. No, it's amazing. >> Interesting. So the trying to think how so once you take a brand like that to that size cuz so zooming out there are other people in the space that say similar things to what you're saying. So I had other guys on here like Ahmed who specifically only works with traders and he calls them black swans. So he's like I'll only work with people who are black swans and which means they actually have something that is what you're saying like they stand out amongst the vastness of these traders that are just like fly by night. So they have huge organic presence or they have really valuable they have a deep organic presence organic presence >> and yeah so he'll do only people who do that. He'll help them on the uh organic side a little bit. And then he'll build out all of the offer stack, all the fulfillment, all the sales flow, all of that, and take x percentage, generally speaking, rev share. They're crazy profit machines. He also I love the funny part about trading how like the offer stack is flipped where it's like do it yourself. >> Yeah. Do yourself is on the back and like done for you is like right on the front. It's like I just want the signals. So they crush with that kind of stuff and big and some of them have huge backends like huge huge backends where they get into like funded models and this and that and all this other stuff which not super familiar on but like >> that doesn't fit what you're what you're talking about though right trading style >> trading like we've never we actually I take it back we failed on a trading offer there's a lot of variables uh for us in figuring it out like you said the the model is flipped um the ascension model >> so typically like newsletter funnels that start out there um or with stock tips or whatever it is that is just not our bread and butter. We attach newsletter is usually P3 maybe P4 for anything that we do like we're very much God did you see the marketing plan? This pretty much gives my whole model away of just exactly what we do every single time. Um, the last time that I built one of these to this level was for Astro Flipping, the one I have on here on my hat, our first brand. And this was 3 years in what it looked like. And basically, I'll skip all this. We have a ton of, you know, this is supposed to onboard someone to the brand. But as far as the acquisition channel mix and how we build it out, here's the typical funnel structure. Start with VSSL callfunnel and these metrics are pretty much the same even a few years later for us as far as the steps between um and then from there lead magnet funnel DM lead magnet funnel SDR motion and then P3 mastermind ascension or software ascension right we almost do that every single time um I don't know what this funnel is another lead magnet yeah so that's that's pretty much it we're just really really good in going deep on that and there's a lot that we do under the surface that makes this funnel to me super sexy even though people hate it. Fivestep um BSL call funnel and then as far as like the paid traffic mix and whatnot it usually looks something akin to this I start on paid social discovery feeds and then graduate into adding search display organic. Um we almost never started we never started any of our brands with organic actually. So, it's a blessing when I see someone like when I worked with Cody Sanchez last year and I saw that she had done 200 external podcast. I was like, "Holy crap, what a grind that was." >> Yeah. >> Um, and then she had she put on paid ads later. That is a smart way to to go about it. It's a lot less, you know, there's there's more risk in starting with paid, but uh, in the case of the growth operator model, and I fancy myself, you know, something akin to that. Um, just knowing the the whole gamut of what should happen in sales, community, marketing, and this type of business. Uh, I like to start with paid from day one and use a VSSL call funnel. It's as simple as that for me. >> Yeah. And you like optin pages? >> Yeah. I love >> Yeah, dude. Jeremy Haynes, I don't know if you follow any of his stuff. He's like, you use optin funnels. You hate money. >> Jeremy, if you're if you get this, you need to come on here so we can debate ungated versus gated VSL callunnel. Their whole thing is like they sell higher ticket. They go a lot of the time it's more sophisticated or like a a higher >> it's it's more sophisticated generally speaking. So you don't need necessarily as much consumption and they put a lot of the consumption on the back like forced consumption uh forced information post booking. So this whole thing I mean they they run everything and he'll be the first one to tell you like we were at his thing. He's like Ryan he always says your name. He's like he's like Nick I gotta tell Nick you gota he's like so funny. He's so like pure. But he's like >> Yeah. He's like He's like, "All I got to say. All I got to say, Yeah. is if you uh I I like to be proven wrong. I like to be proven wrong. You say run everything this way. I run everything this way. Yours works. I'll move everything. Like I don't care." You know what I mean? He's like, "I'll dupe something out 14 times instead of having one of them that's a winner. I'll keep all of them." You know what I mean? Like he's like, "I'll just do any of this." But he runs that DTA classic, that headline VSSL app on page. Sometimes testimonial, sometimes he dupes it. one is testimonial under like setup under one isn't. A lot of the time they'll combine a jaw form with like a kanlay or something in one. So it's a full throughput. So you get an app and a booking same time. You're never going to have a drop off. >> Um so no two step which again you and I are like oh we're going to segment them out and there's going to be buckets between there's going to be setters and context flows and like all this stuff. Like that's what I do. >> Uh his is like no straight line but then that thank you page is so core and the automations are so core. They have all they call them backend sales systems is what he like tokened it. Um, but it is like info content, info content. He's got the Jeremy hammer them strategy, which is them basically anyone who hits that booking window, you're hitting them with long form, short form, all >> agree on that. Yeah, we're >> choke them out. Choke the feed out. >> Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, when we do that as well. Um, and then same thing, he's got like a I forgot the night the name of the email sequence, but same thing with emails. It's like every four to eight hours he's sending more emails and it works. Like the example he gave on one of his videos was like someone hit me with an ad that was about like incorporating in Dubai or something and not paying tax as a US citiz something along those lines, right? Um and he's like I I went into it and all I had I had 92 questions and I had to book this call like seven days out instead of within 48 hours and all I had was all these questions and I couldn't find anything. I'm doing my own research. I'm finding other people's products. I'm doing this and all I wanted was them to like just send me mass amount of things so I could consume, be educated. So, like I would pull trigger in two seconds because the offer was what I wanted, had the results I wanted, but because I didn't have the information, by the time I got on the call, it's truly like an information gather call, not a discovery and offer. >> Correct. Then it becomes a two, three call close. Um, which is annoying. Yeah. No, I agree. You have to give them their context somewhere. I I think what I'm most excited about is what us uh Seventh Level actually did this um on their own as I told them that you guys are probably the only ones who can. They brought their content and their challenges and their LMS and their community all into one roof and they can actually determine now an average content time consumed before purchase which or like watch time consumed which >> from a load getter community to a high ticket. >> Correct. because that's really really hard to do if you're running your challenges on YouTube and all of your all of your like organic or your view rates and your watch times are anonymized and you're just losing. So you end up making these rules that I don't like which is like it takes seven or eight touch points in order for someone to you know yeah buy which is which is better horistic than nothing that informs your retargeting but it's like what like type of consumption matters >> and yeah the basically I was like this makes me happy because I always knew it was probably it's more about minutes of consumption or hours of consumption before an offer um is likely to close than it is about you know any indiscriminate touch point. >> Yeah. Yeah, 100%. Um, and they moved to what? Disco or circle or something? >> They moved to Disco. And Disco is sick. I wish our brands were on disco. >> Yeah, I don't know. Our demo is the 40 to 60, so we keep our community on Facebook. >> Yeah, target market dictates where you should put them. Uh, like I was telling you, I'm scared to put some of our people on Discord. Uh, we're doing that right now for some of our target market. So yeah, wherever it is, the LMS isn't, you know, the make or break reason why someone is successful initially, but it can be long term in order to start getting the refinements that you want. So yeah, keep it in Facebook groups so long as the the most important thing is that you actually just do the fundamental things of calling them touch points, welcome calls. >> Yeah, which which we have done actually notably, not to like hog this on our stuff, but we've notably not done a great job of that. Um ours has always been like service the contract which is a year and service it so well client wins channel fires off and then just hamster wheel of acquisition. It's never been like year two three or any other offerings or any other anything like it's literally always been just the front and you can see that in the margin especially last year when we tripled you know hit 30 and all this but margin took this dive and like we're still good by all means like you know we did our thing not the numbers you showed we were in the 60s I can tell you that. um acquisition exploded uh or like in a bad way like broke uh everything right we moved everyone W2 we went that whole gambit um and now is a big focus on that so we're building out other offers we have like actual touch points we have basically everybody who was already within the six months got to get the new experience of like framing the fulfillment in a way that this is a continuation this is a forever this is a multi-year thing not just oh hey we're going to get you the result in this amount of time and then you're good >> um so yeah so and we've had a massive uptick that we just did a renewal event uh like a revenue generating event like Eman calls him but internal and just had a big swing at that. So I everything you're saying is like something that we're focused on and then I just was on with Jason Fladdlin and I think I said the last name right but he was talking about how they launch weed know webinars. >> He was talking about webinar testing and launches to your customer base and like as simple as that sounds that was not something was even on my radar. So, we're like, "Oh, duh. We're about to launch this other cool amazing thing." Like, we're going to run a webinar funnel to our own. We have this other announcements with like community and brand faces. Like, we're going to roll all of this into one and be able to announce it ideally through webinar in an actual pitch with an actual offer, all this stuff like to community. And we've never done something like that. >> Dude, that's crazy. Um, that's the funnel I didn't mention because it to me it's just so obvious with our space. And also oneoff webinars anytime we need them. Um, and you use them for test offers or ascension. But dude, I'm glad talking to Flatline. He's the He's the absolute goat. I interviewed him last week, too. So, that's funny. Serendipity. >> Yeah, it was literally same day. It was like within an hour of each other. He's like, I got Nick on. Yeah, he's doing the thing with Anik. And I uh I'm just always so impressed when when I see him sell. I've seen him sell in person from stage. I've seen him sell on Webbby. Um, and that episode I think you'll probably really really enjoy. uh because I I nerd out with VSSLs and Webbbies and just >> the stuff that I imagine I asked him hasn't been asked before. So, it was cool to see that and I hope to get to work with them in the future on on one of those. Certainly, anyone listening to this, you just add you add like the most common one is the Q&A call webinar, I always call it, of just take your um take your follow-up pipeline of anyone who didn't buy either abandoned carts on your low ticket or challenge people or people that didn't book on sales and then just do a weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly wrap-up Q&A webinar where people on the fence, the the personal brand themselves or their lead trainer can just push them through. So, that is Yeah, that's that format. You don't have to duck it out like Flabline and be a genius and have all these slides. That's a great entry point to get yourself used to doing it. And the format is literally just Q&A. Hey, Q&A. And then if something is covered in your program, then you say, "That's a great question. I cover that in depth in my program. Here's a link to book a call." And then you move on to the next question. Just keep doing that. That's >> Yeah, >> that's a brain deadad formula where you don't have to just be Jason Flatline. >> Yeah. Do you guys do a lot of How do you deal with availability when you do big pushes like that? >> Yeah. Uh I asked Dean the question when I was over last week. You see, they were doing a a 15,000 person event um ascension event. >> Yeah. And it's all and it's book a call, right? It's not direct to car. >> No, it's it's both. They do what we do now at our size. At a certain size, you have to split CTA, unfortunately. you go D to C first and then trial closes, wrap closes, open up the push to phones for anyone else. Um, and we offered, people do it different ways, but generally speaking, we offer if it's a mid-t price point of say 3 to 12,000, most people offer payment plan on that DOC2. >> Yep. >> And then you just drop a link in because it has financing. You're all good. >> Yeah. So like the first time we did it, I'll show you those metrics. This is we did that for the first time last year. when we got to the point where I think we had over a thousand registrants where you're like okay we will flood our sales floor and a certain point we don't want anyone I think like you guys are you 48 hour booking window or 72 >> 48 >> 48 we're 72 but yeah those are the two I think that you can argue that it should be there's nothing over 72 that makes sense that I've seen ever >> um but yeah after you flood that window you don't want to continue to open up more slots or rightsize your team every month unless you like layoffs And that's your thing. >> Yeah. I don't think that's >> any I knew I knew some of this space. I'm not going to call them out on this by name, but uh in a monthly layoff was like scheduled on their calendar in tandem with their all hands meeting. They would just do the all hands and then announce layoffs at the end. >> What was that? There's that massive company that they always cut bottom 10 or bottom 30% or whatever. >> Yeah. I was like, >> I'm sure it's it's like considerably less. It's more funny in my head to think of that. A weird format. And here guys, here's who's safe this month. Um, but >> top performers, bottom performers, please leave the room. You're a >> Uhhuh. >> Yep. So, uh, yeah, there's that. So, I I'll I'll pull it up later, but basically what we found is if you if you offer too good of a payment plan, you end up having too much DTOC and you lose out on AOV, right, by not pushing to the floor. But if you don't, then uh it's still even with a split CTA and just a one pay to cart, then it's too hard to close with just even a 2, three hour webinar and then your sales floor. So it's a really delicate game of how many registrants do I have? How can I fill the sales floor without you know breaking D to C or vice versa. >> Yeah. What uh software stack are you running now with web? >> Um it is I was just looking at that >> I was talking Yeah. I mean someone was like oh we're still on webinar jam. and I was laughing a bit. And then there's that new uh I'm forgetting it's like a something, but there's a Zoom like dupe version that guys were talking about at Ony. They were at Onyx event. >> Zoom dupe version. >> Yeah, it's like a It's a >> I'm have to write that down. We're using Zoom's Webinar Enterprise, I plan, I believe. >> Yes. In addition to if we have uh we've used Webinar Jam Ever Webinar stack before. That has some downsides for different reasons. My favorite is Zoom with a bunch of Zaps integrated or Zoom apps. So, it fixes a lot of the problems. Um, and some of the customizations that like the level at mastermind.com's at with Dean and Tony, they have um they have breakout rooms for for sales reps to kind of sit in there and then the ability to, but they're more customized than even Zoom's native breakout features. So like routings, um a bunch of backend analytics, we just have what I would say are kind of the the basic um functionality >> in tandem with Zoom and then it just integrates with all our systems but as is as like tech heavy as I you know I am um for webinars we keep it pretty pretty simple. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then most of them are live. >> Mo yeah almost all of them are live. We do run a few ever webinars too, but you have to think like if you go live, someone like Pace isn't really thinking of how can I make this evergreen. So there's usually a lot of post processing like cuts that end up ruining the conversion of the ever webinar. Um, like when me and Sam recorded the AutoWebby that uh that became sort of famous in our space, it's been written about if you guys if you guys check out uh auto webinar. It's it's the most written about funnel I've ever been a part of. But we went so far. >> Was it the auto 2K? >> Autok 2Ka, right? Uhhuh. Yep. And I have a collection of uh 2Ka. If you guys just Google 2Ka auto webinar funnel, you'll find it. Some people have done a good job of of trying to figure out all the nuances of it, but it's still probably about 50% of what made the thing work. Um, I have like analysis on chat the chat lines and predictability to purchase based off of certain word usage at certain times. Um, >> yeah. >> Yeah, it's it's uh it's insane. So, I would say unless you want to really really put in an insane amount of work, I was looking at this every day optimizing for four months straight. Me and Sam spent 30 days just thinking about the slide deck and recording. Like, it wasn't first take. He would just go off on his own after we figured it out and attempt to just get the perfect auto webinar take. It's a lot of work to get it to going. It's like very much not worth it, I think, generally speaking. >> Yeah. Yep. But here's that >> this I'm gonna I don't know if I >> this we looked at so much and this is what happens when you only do something for a long amount of time purchase suspicions regarding two in the chat number of questions. There was so much that went into here's the sentiment around where they likely to buy a bunch of other crazy stuff. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Here's that song. It's called ae event is that software I just asked someone. So this is one that I've heard it's like >> I've heard this crushes it makes it look live so like it's it's really built for a lot of evergreen stuff I I to my understanding. Um but people are like really doing size with this and it looks like a zoom so it doesn't look like one of these webinar jam like it doesn't look like what people expect of a webinar. So maybe better for the internet marketing land of customers because they think it's more right. Like if you're BC, people don't still know what webinar game is, but like yeah, I think Oh yeah, it says on here mastermind.com. Master those Grant >> Cardone. They're using >> it's on like all their own servers, all their own craziness. So yeah, we got this poll open, but >> dude, good to good. >> How did you uh >> Yeah. Right. Uh how did you and we're going to get to questions right after this, but how did you get to know Pace? Like how did that deal come to be? Because that's the one of if not the biggest, right, of your setups. >> That is that's the biggest. It used to be, you probably saw in 2022, that was the first year sub 2 went um past Astro and credit stacking at the time, um who were kind of the first first wave, those three. Um but now it's it dwarfs anything else um by the tune of 20 30 million in overall sales volume. It's uh it's pretty significant. So, the first day I met Pace, I always like to tell people I didn't really know other than he was J's friend who was um Josiah's partner in Astro Flipping. And I was like, cool. I love taking discovery meetings. I do my typical thing. Like my process is usually put me in a room with someone 3 to four hours and I'll ask discovery questions until I have a lean lean canvas of the offer. And what it looks like is typically some like who is this for? what are their problems? What solutions do you provide? And then from there, I take try to combine all those into an offer promise of, hey, this offer helps you make money faster in real estate than any other offer and it has some sort of unique differentiator in an ideal world or unique mechanism to attach why it's the fastest methodology. It's faster. So it's >> it's a unique methodology with a proprietary let's call it proprietary or moed sort of mechanism. That's like what I'm trying to get to. >> And then um the most important thing though is not that most people think the offer is like you get it and it's different. And I went through my offer checklist and man yeah the safest method to make six figures of anyone, the most predictable method to make six figures. I got the fastest. I got the slowest. I got the most fun. Whatever the qualifier is. But the most important thing is what I call the belief reframe matrix that I'm trying to pull out. So normally why I do three to four hours is I'm trying to take and find contrarian opinions that they have. Um because that's actually what sells more so than anything if I'm like yeah so like everyone says to put your money in a Roth IRA and they go well that would be the dumbest idea you could ever do, right? I'm looking for that and then what to do instead. So once I find a few of those, then I know I'm done. And usually three or four are enough to make those the points or a linear um you know, Russell Brunson style VSSL or or Webby. You break, you know, break belief patterns, break three belief patterns, make it a logical linear flow to an offer that's more differentiated in some way. You end up liking that person, they buy. Um but with Pace, that wasn't happening very well. So, with Pace, I was having a hard time when I was asking him questions. He's like, "Yeah, I do creative financing. Um, I do like these things called sub two deals. I do these lease option deals. I do seller finance. I do subrap. I do subtail. There's eight different ways to acquire properties. There's 20 different ways. I dispo." I go, "Okay, so you have uh you're basically like an M&A like customized approach to to buying these houses." And I was like, there's no methodology here. Like, you're just kind of smart. You're just smart. You you've learned a lot. And I was like, here here's what I told him. I was like, Astro Flipping, when I when I do my um forfeits test, which is, have I worked with the target market? Check. Have I done this type of product before? Check. High ticket info product. Yeah. Have I worked with the channel of acquisition I plan to launch with? Yes, I'm going to launch with Facebook ads. Have I done this funnel model before, a revenue model before? Yes, it's always a VSSL call funnel. So, I aim for three or four of the um you know variables should be constants instead. And if I do that, usually it launches well. If I don't, it ends up being bad. Like when we launched that trading program, I was 0 for four. I ignored all four fits because I we had a string of wins. I was like, maybe I can just do anything. Maybe I can maybe I'm a business savant. >> Yeah. So, uh, turns out no. Um, because we were left questioning like, do we change? Is it the guru? Is it the product? Is it the price point? Is it the target market we chose? We're like, maybe we shouldn't have launched on a channel that we didn't understand. Maybe we shouldn't have launched with a new funnel, low ticket challenge model. Um, and then all of us were like, okay, we should just quit because we don't even know what we don't know. So, with Pace, going back to it, he ended up not getting those fits. two of the four I would say maybe he had and I was like, "hm, I don't think it's going to work." And he said just maybe maybe like halfway into it, he was just getting frustrated of like me maybe not getting it. He's like, "Do you just want me to show you how I do this?" And then he pulled his phone out, call cold call the lead, and I watched him get to a deal under contract in 20 minutes time, which is literally to this day what he's doing um about 50 ft away with J. They bring people in here and demonstrate competence and demonstrate the methodology. And then I had the aha moment. Then I was like, "This guy's special. I still haven't seen anyone do that to this day." He said, "Well, it would have looked really dumb in front of me and everyone else if he just he's like, "See, that's what I do." And it just it didn't work. So it spoke to spoke to um what I would say or most people would say is the most correlative and predictable gene that an entrepreneur could have which is like insane amount of self-belief right so much like or quote unquote delusion but let's call it self-belief and to me conviction self-belief if you have those usually it's just a matter of time not when or not if it will it'll work. Um, but yeah, that's Pace in a nutshell. He's And then he had proceeded to just like actually actually treat this seriously like kind of how me and Josiah and the rest of us did. So, it's been a great relationship and I'm really proud and happy to have worked with those especially four for as long as I have, especi brands. They continue to to crush and it's beating this narrative in the info space. You got to switch offers every two years. >> Yeah. Yeah. 100%. offer into a business, right? That's my like one of my least favorite things. Like, what offer are you on right now? >> Like, what offer are you pumping it? It's like no, no, no, no, no. This like can go from an offer to actual business. Doesn't have to. >> You're right. That does happen in our industry, too. Like, what are you It's not like what are you focused on? It's like, what have you launched recently? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What offer did you guys launch? What offer are you running right now? It's very common. How much do you have? >> Yeah. >> Sometimes. Yeah. True. All right. We've got some good questions. Let's let's run some of these. And then I have some as well. But I know a big methodology of theirs is extensive data and research. How do they balance what's working now versus trying to innovate timeless concepts, personal expertise, team expertise? So basically, what's that balance between, you know, that your VSSL optin funnel works, but you do want to test and lean into low ticket challenge funnel or something, right? >> Yep. >> Yep. Um, what was what was the actual question there? >> I know a big methodology of theirs is extensive data and research. How do they balance the what's working right now versus innovation, timeless concepts, and personal expertise and your team's expertise? >> Got it. Then uh so very simply, all of our competitive research gives me a range to play within. >> So give you an example. If we want to get into um bookkeeping, which we did a few years ago, what I would do is I would take our a list of 20,000 courses that we have indexed and updates every month as far as their traffic and revenue approximations. I would pull that category and look at anyone making what I thought was making, let's call it, eight figures or 10 million and above. And I would look at the lowest price point thing that they sold and the highest price point thing they sold and I would say this is my acceptable range. does something that I'm good at exist within this range? And usually the answer is yes. Um, if you have a niche that has any sort of callfunnel. Um, and the answer is no if it ends up being cool. If I see a whole category and nothing, all the market leaders are selling something that is less than $100 and there's no ascension to anything close to 5,000, which is at least the old Agora model, like their ascension was up to 2,000. And I'm like, okay, chances of me like learning a whole new model, I would try like the the actual guidance here is be a model specialist. Find a you can add another channel to your belt. Like I'm good at multiple channels now over the course of my career, but originally um when I was struggling, I feel like as a marketer, especially maybe Clever Investor, is when we were trying to do too many funnel flows all at once. It's like the death kiss. It's really hard to be good at that many funnel flows and go deep. >> Yeah. >> Yep. So yeah, for me I know what we what we do. So if someone's like let's launch with a challenge funnel, I'm like cool, only if it ascends into a high ticket uh you know product, we can do a challenge as the mechanism, but otherwise I'm not interested. Yeah. >> Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. I mean our our setup right now I'm I'm getting a little scared of that too because we have they're all the same model. We have three different models. It's the DTA version which is the Jeremy, the tried and true, but we have like four or five now of tried and true VSSL optins. So we have different brand faces and we have different messaging pockets of the same brand face but they all funnel to the same application flow sales team but like the messaging is a little different. The story lines are different. So it's like bridging that. Um and we're we have all of them live at the same time. >> That's that sounds good. That's >> Yeah. Yeah. For scale for distribution for risk for whatever all these things. Yeah. But for like focus and optimization and like oh we want to get a 15% lead to app to a 17% lead to app on this one funnel while all the other six are running. like >> you got to dance a little cuz like >> yeah, >> you do you need um you need to find your standardization somewhere in the org is is usually what I tell people. So if you're not going to if you're going to add complexity there, where can you simplify? Where are you simple and always do the same thing every single time like yeah it's got to be somewhere I bet. Huh. >> Yeah, that's where we always lead to the core offer though. So it's like at that point it does get standardized once it hits application and then everything flows the same. So it's not like bucketed as in like a setting team is only talking about this thing and then pushing to that like it doesn't do that. So there are contextual flows. There's separate contextual flows from OP to app but not after app. It all standardizes. >> Interesting. So is there do you have channelbased acquisition leaders and employees or mission based and mission by by the person themselves? >> More so channel. >> More so channel. Okay cool. more so. So I mean again like meaning like diversification of spend versus diversification of like messaging. >> Yes. Correct. So like an example would be someone's running Facebook ads for all five of those acquisition funnel flows. So they're not mission aligned. They're channel Yeah. aligned. >> Correct. >> Yeah. So we have like dedicated buyers and dedicated buyers, but then they'll manage call it >> three accounts wide and those are messaging or funnel type specific and then I'll have dedicated pixels like it's it's its own it's its own beast. >> If you isolated each mission funnel or each person is the marketing mix on channels different or is it the same? just meta and Google >> just meta and usually the same percentage or is one or some of them flipped where some people do better on a certain channel. Um, it's a little but majority it's all meta is still by far. >> I was hoping to give you a good consolidation answer there. >> Yeah, you're mostly there. I mean, again, obviously Google picks up all the the side stuff, the retarget, the branded, the whatever, but in terms of like cold cold, it's still majority meta. Um, and then we're trying to lean into cracking organic, which is always fun. And then the other thing is like you introduce a low ticket ascension, which is like where I want to go a lot more. um just because it's just such a better experience once you get into the setting in closing land. The higher show rates, the higher close rates, it's just an economics game, right? It's just like a true direct response game. So, we're leaning more and more in that bucket. But like that tried and true has the best economics. Just has different consumption levels because they're technically less consumed, but they're higher intent. >> Yeah. >> Level, right? Because it's a buyer versus a lead. But a lead who goes through a VSSL optin funnel has consumed multiple like generally speaking a lot more. It's almost like our ascension funnel acts as a retargeting mechanism than anything else. like a it's a different consumption type. It's like a a first step. It's a sample. Jason said this. He's like people used to say like, "Oh, I'm a high ticket guy. I refuse to sell low ticket because then people like will view me as cheap." And it's like, "No, no, no. The market has shifted now to where low ticket is you sampling them, not them identifying as a cheap person." And I was like, "Oh, good frame and good way to say it." So, like we are we have a lot of data that would show that that is true. >> Yeah. Markets are informed by like usually recency bias. So the thing is like those things can change over the course of a year of their perception. I've never thought about I've never really thought about it like that because if you're offering something that's in a similar category it's one thing if you're offering your time like if you're coming in you're like I'm doing a group coaching program you get access direct access to me it's $100 that destroys the value because people pay for a product class. But yeah, I think you're absolutely fine and I'm really curious to see what the ascension strategy ends up looking like for >> great ascension is unbelievable on our and the time has collapsed a ton. So it's like a 5day ascension. >> Dang. Okay. >> Low high and it is very vast difference and it's a good percentage but you look in highros and it's like you know 50 to 80% are not are are existing leads because of the years of consumption they've had and this is their first actual entry point. So, yeah, you're won't know. >> No, we don't know what a true low ticket ascension would look like. No, we don't actually know. But, I mean, we're running volume through it. Like, we're running, you know, let's call it sometimes three figures, three three billion figures a day um through it. So, yeah, it's selling. It's just not selling a thousand new units a day from cold like by any means. So, that would be dream state. That's at some level dream state depending on what the ascension looks like, depending on what the consumption, depending on what the trough looks like, all you know the the the variables and metrics, but >> yeah, I'm curious if you're doing something like this like what we were originally planning for Sigma, >> ignore like ignore the scope obviously. >> Correct. So kind of so ours are dedicated out. So I don't know if you see my any of the videos, but like essentially imagine it I might I probably can open mine up. I just have so many things on my screen I don't want to share. Uh but I have essentially I have like four opt-in funnels. I have a DTA funnel. So imagine it over here because it's opt-in then application. So then DTA funnel start here. So apps here and then we have a low ticket ascension that's over here. >> And all of those get dedicated traffic and then they all bridge up and connect at the app and then come across. So then the app does routing and then books here and here. But dream state is like imagine you have brand face one that talks about messaging line one. You can have that brand face one talk about messaging line two and three >> if you want. They all go to the same core but then also having that brand face with that messaging alignment having their own matching load ticket. So like let's use an example of like whatever use in that one dating. So if we had brand face one talks about dating the VSSL opt-in funnel the 3% of people that are ready to buy that come through can buy. Then there's also a low ticket dating funnel that's the same messaging, same person, same whatever. They're like their category king of that. And then that is just a different consumption method they can come through. And then the DTA thing is nice because it just picks up people who are ready and also gets lower cost per on stuff. It's just, you know, messes with stats. But like when they all come together, it's what Blake calls the VBS. He calls it the value vortex system. He's like, when you only run one of these, it doesn't work. But when you run them in tandem, they blend up those stats. as long as they're dedicated enough and then you don't get crazy and you don't know what's where and all that because that's you know if you don't have proper metrics around what they hit then this then this. Um but it's working out pretty well. It's just like we haven't gone back to optimize. We still haven't necessarily directly beat control that we did 73 million through on one VSSL optin funnel or the load ticket is one core load ticket that like I built back in the day that's still running. So it's like we need to beat the controls >> but instead of directly beating control we like went a little wider and have like multi. So, >> it's like that's us and 99% of marketers because at attaching and just um like the vortex you're going to have to TM that that sounds way better than omni channel marketing right is >> BBS >> it's just it's it reminds me of agency days because you would come on you would sell channel expansion by saying well there's there's you know have you heard of force multipliers like it's you know YouTube plus Facebook is you would expect the rorowaz to jump linearly it's really exponentially but That is that's good. That's good. You should add that um and quote unquote increase the increase your margin for error. But then what you're finding is that you get sloppy about corefunnel. And that's happened with >> with um my team right now. We're running something like five lead magnet funnels that are all same flow but different lead magnets and they're all rorowaz positive. all different rorowazes, all different velocities of of speed to lead or speed to sale. So, which one do you turn off? Usually a media buyer sits there and goes, "Uh, well, vortex now is as an excuse to turn something off of like it's all because of downloaded maybe multiple lead magnets and then they need to buy." It's never almost that. It's almost always over nurture. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I couldn't agree more. All right. And we were talking about how uh Jeremy was talking about this, but he's like, "Yeah, the big guys have all these like different offers or channels within the offers." And what they'll do is they'll get cuz at size they're down to basically like hire an external party or have like a full essentially having a marketing manager for a specific funnel of a specific channel. >> Yeah. like the stage you're at right now, it makes sense to be channel or kind of hybrid um a little bit, but for the most part, you want to get to missionbased product ecosystems because here's here's what's happening either intentionally or unintentionally. I'd love to look at your high-rise data is if you have multiple media buyers in there, they are cross retargeting funnels. They are not understanding the correlations and the user journey and then coming to false conclusions. Um that would be logical looking at the data. >> Yeah, agreed. And we say that on things we're like, "Yeah, these are all feeding each other." We we're like, "These are all feeding each other." And we know that like our our email marketer wasn't sending low ticket ever was just doing consumption based and like middle bottom of funnel video. We have tons of organic that exists for middle bottle. And he was just constantly pushing value with the occasional like small CTA which is good. We like that. But like >> we now have other offerings like low ticket. So he was push he started pushing that and it was like oh wait wow look at our week over week like that that CPA just dropped 60% because you just sent it to our list and we're like oh man like the the channels aren't playing with like missions plus channels aren't all playing together they're like >> and like accidentally playing together on on you know on the platforms but inside of our own ecosystem they weren't playing together and I was like guys if they maybe like this consumption they might like this consumption different because they don't vibe with this or they do want to buy something but they don't want to book a call yet. Like there's these different things if we have all these assets. Like we had a squeeze more meeting the other day that was just like how do we squeeze more of what we're already paying? How do we squeeze more of what we currently have? And there's so many of that. But >> dude, invite me to those meetings. Those are those are fun. I'm like I'm a refiner, so I'll just squeeze all the efficiency out of anything. >> Clearly. Clearly. >> All right. I got another good one. Um org chart of your publishing team. So I think that means basically like the deployment team. >> They want to see it. >> Sure. Cool. I'll show them. >> Josh Gavin, this one's for you. >> He just bought uh clients forfree.com, low ticket offers.com, and another one. Just relaunched it. He's like the OG. He's a young kid, but like he was in Alen Sultanic stuff and then uh crushed it with low ticket offers. And >> Satanic. >> What? Alen Sultanic. >> Alen Sultanic. I thought you said he was into some satanic stuff. >> Yeah, that too. Yeah. Nice, Josh. Um, no, but he uh he owned that domain and then kind of got away from it to go into offer publisher, basically teach people how to do a version of what you do, right? Like a like a smaller scale to be the marketer for an expert. Um, and then he just had like a hundred wide. And I was like, dude, go a little deeper. And now he's going back into low ticket offer. Not because of me, but he's going back into like owning low ticket offers because they're hot right now. You crush a low ticket offer on one of these bigger businesses that only has VSSL optin or only does high ticket and doing it right. Like he can crush those. though dude absolutely >> from the dude I'm all right two factor into my org chart >> 2FA just >> I'm curious are they there anymore you just have the question I'm curious as to why >> they're like I'm >> as why they want to know the the they're like why they want to know the structure employees >> oh no no his is cuz again his is same thing it's like he gets versions of these that he publishes people's offers and it's like what does your deployment team look like cuz right now he'll build all the market. I I actually know him like well so he'll build all the offers. He'll do the copyrightiting. Yeah. What's the go to market team or like deployment team look like to do that? And then big thing with him and I'll say is he does a lot of launches that then like >> kind of like fizzle out after. We always say it's like the marketer the expert and then once you want to like continue be evergreen and scale is the operator. So like those three layers he does a really good job of these but not like keeping them running by. >> That's the hardest part of our model dude. Yeah. Because if you're go to market like specialist, which I think of myself as after doing this so many times, the thing is is I had worked. Ah. Ah. Ah. >> I'm back. Um I think you hear me? >> Yeah, I got you. >> Okay, cool. Yep, I got it here. All right. You're still frozen, though. I don't know if you can hear me. >> I can hear you. You're good. >> Okay, cool. Sweet. So, in the beginning, um, here's what happens when >> here's what happens when I come back in to an organization. Um, here's our current or what's not current anymore. This is from 2024, but you guys will get a sense. Sweet. So this is >> I'm Google Docs still. >> Okay. Oh yeah. >> Shares whole screen. >> All right. >> Entire screen. You see everything. >> All right. Or chart. So you would have this at a in a big organization you have all these like I said this is last year but you would have we had missionbased pods right? a director of marketing that owned a brand or comp of brands and then their teams that they could curate and use their resourcing under them. >> This year we had to break that and move to channel specialists with missionbased um brand directors. So someone besides just a director of marketing. So director of marketing was essentially not maybe well equipped in every facet to run a P&L operationally for a mission. So we switched to missionbased yeah ams essentially account managers specialized teams um or specialized divisions of of marketing and whatnot. So but a go to market um that looks a lot different. the skunk works team that you really need the minimum viable team is growth operator um sales rep guru and if you really want to get into the two person like thing and it has to be two people growth operator who is also taking sales calls guru and product guy who's also taking sales calls and you guys both take sales calls until it >> makes sense to hire someone um like I started Astro Flipping with that team structure on me and Josiah put in maybe 8,000 ousand between the two of us of our own money to launch Astro and then because because the guru or because the expert was taking calls, Josiah and Jal at the time had great close rates. And it led to this nice scenario where we had um we did over 250k in revenue on month one, which is very rare if you have a new sales team. >> Um it's just like you're using that >> it to your advantage. And what ends up happening, >> you guys see this still? Yeah. Is this right? I'm in the middle of the screen. I'm in the middle of the screen on top of the thing. >> Oh yeah, let me get rid of you there. >> Here, I'll stop share. So, it's just my screen here. >> This now just >> right. So, this is the minimum viable is just two to three people. And we did that until we got to that trough. That trough is us removing the um the experts. And thankfully I had two experts at that time. They were business partners Jamil and Josiah both in the course videos taking calls with me setting and filling the whole calendar. Um and at that point that trough and the spike up that's when we put in a sales manager and had them recruit their own team and bring a team in and thus it scaled back up again. So >> yeah that's that's >> what do you think about uh what do you think about sales agencies? >> I use them from time to time. I've worked with most of them. Yeah, because I was we I've had this conversation now multiple times and like I didn't know that existed slash no one offered it to us when we were in a place that it really would have made sense like to have just 20% written right off the P&L and or more so off the new P&L and just like let someone else have all the management all the setters all the closers all on their P&L um instead like I would have done that in two seconds to have fully dedicated people and not had the headache and instead we went the other direction and you know trial and tribulation three three failures brought an in-house manager finally got to 3 million. Then it all exploded in that land kind of again, which was like marketing plus sales acquisition total issue >> for sure. >> Um, and now we've got a rockstar and we're like redoing it. But everyone is W2. We're going like full boore because we're trying to do the real like hit hit large scale. But for these guys who are at 100 and want to go to 300, 500, a million, like I'm almost always like just get a sales agency. Like if you're not innately good at sales, like why wouldn't you just pay that? >> You you would. And what you want to do, like I said, I've worked either when I had the marketing agency, I've worked with over four um outsourced sales agencies in in this space, and there's probably a few more options. A go to market, if you can um the only thing that chokes you out of go to market is if your funnel is too thin, the margin's too thin in order to add that extra um extra overhead. But expect to pay and want to pay 25% to those external agencies. those ones you can realize about a 5% cost savings by in-housing it eventually maybe a little bit more to consider payroll tax and and recruiting fees and everything else. So, I think it's a quick way if you want speed, just find an agency, be like, "Hey, have you ever sold in this niche, this industry at this price point?" And if the answer is yes, um, what a lot of them end up having is getting cut out, much like a marketing agency. There's a time where they're growing, growing, growing, plateauing, maybe attrition, and you're like, "Okay, we'd be better off just in that happens." Um, but I worked with Josh Troy in his shop when with Cody last year. Josh's the man. I've worked with Kavon and Marcus out at sales connection. I've worked with Randall Grizzle um at his company um in the early days of drop surfing offer and they were instrumental in us getting quickly to three $4 million range in revenue when we would have had no shot at it otherwise at that stage. So those are just some of the examples across the years. Um gray area sales uh which is now something different, Rev Pilot too, they are on Bilzerian right now. they we chose that approach for Bill Xarian. So we originally had staffed it up um cuz Dan had the ability basically to make one post and flood any sort of sales floor. So we knew we needed some between 8 to 20 reps. >> Turns out it went a little bit different but it's such a good move. I think just just realize be more efficient profitability later. You know you have an extra 5% you can play at any time. So >> yeah, >> and you can build a cohorted sales team inhouse in the same way and then just gradually shift calendar spend too over. >> Yeah. Yeah, I completely agree. I think once if you can just do what you said with close your own up until 100 200k a month and then just pass off to an agency and then think about it later. But like go back to just dominating marketing, all you focus on is marketing. All you focus on is product quality. All good. Maybe even ascension at that point. And then if you want take back your sales team, but like until then it's like handle the stuff that is more in your in your wheelhouse. Anyway, >> I would agree. And even better if you um if you have them like especially tied to the hip with the community manager or someone doing the onboarding. Um that's that makes it go pretty well and then they don't have to worry about usually I think people worry other than the cost compliance just like them not selling you in the right way. That can be avoided though so easily. >> Exactly. Yeah. You work with a good one. Yeah. I talked to Josh down in uh I did a whole like hour and a half or whatever with him when I was in Miami in like a studio and he was just going all in on ops and details and structure and like dedication. Like he was Yeah, he's right. >> He's good. >> He's he's taught me a lot. Um he sold for he sold me into um a 50k mastermind. Uh that's how we met. >> Yeah, that's funny. >> Yeah, some questions and then relationship developed. >> Yeah. Nice. All right, next one on here. Depth verse width. Does he ever wish he went deeper on two to three offers instead? >> Yes. Simple answer. >> Yeah. >> Yes. But in hindsight's 2020 or whatever that expression is >> uh right portfolio >> if I Yeah. If I look back at the time, I would have made the same decision unfortunately because I didn't know which brands were going to be the ones that emerge. certainly why I'm in Arizona here today as opposed to Colorado. Certain point Pace um Pace created so much asymmetry in the portfolio that all of us put more focus into it. It just it's hard to turn off things that are like semi-profitable, but then when you look at it as far as your opportunity costs um or allocated overhead that's just not hitting the actual P&L, you're like, why am I actually running a charity on some of these brands, right? So we've we've shut maybe two or three down this year and we'll probably continue to narrow. The goal isn't any the goal is no longer for me. I used the original vision of a GEXA was start 40 e-learning brands that advance human potential. I was like that that doesn't sound fun anymore uh to manage 40 40 brands. I'd much prefer I can still get my risk um you know like diversified portfolio at five to six as opposed to 40. >> Yeah. Yeah. And even like you said like inside them when they get to size like we initially were talked about like oh maybe we should relaunch this in multiple faces but like have them external or other brand names or other whatever. And I was kind of leaning in the direction of like no let's keep them in house which now we ended up doing thankfully cuz like the simple things four different emails four different HubSpot accounts four different sales teams four different whatever versus like >> you can do that internal at scale. You can still get your itch and like want be interested in this thing but like roll it in depending how you know wide it is. Yeah, I'm a huge fan of that focus. >> I've never done What do you What would you consider uh when people call like vertical expansion or horizontal expansion? What would you consider doing now a different brand in a different language? It's like entirely >> Yeah. Uh yeah, that's that's the whole truly shifting markets like even geos and then obviously language follows like that's >> that's damn near a complete dupe. I mean it is a complete dupe like everything down to your contextual flows are in another language to all of your uh your front end all of your contents in another language to your delivery and your entire team needs to be able to either be you know bilingual like >> that is you have to have >> but again it's under the same thing because you're duping so like you can basically like I would use that as an example of like you would have two funnel flows >> and those would just be the same way as that we launch another brand face funnel or whatever it's like it has different contextual flows it has different whatever you need different forms you need different sales team you need different things like all across, but it's under the same brand. It's the same person. So, it's like not as far as everything's separate because you get to use a lot of synergy, but like still not that's that's probably as hard as it gets while staying in the box. >> So, I think it probably gets harder. Uh would be my guess. I think you should try because I want to see. But my here's my thought is in consulting we ran into this too because I had figured out dynamic pricing and I was like cool. we can use the same funnel flow and I can actually map um price prices that would work for the other countries. That's the biggest variable usually is cool. You can dupe everything out but the price and affordability is still there. Um it's different in different countries. So I was like cool I solved that issue. We can do like Netflix does and offer different prices or Verizon in every different country. But then we ran into um the cultural complexity. So then I started rewriting not um not only was I getting ads translated verbatim but then having to have them translated by a copywriter who understood the cultural nuance too. So then there was that. Then that had to go through and inform the whole funnel which meant that all the videos needed to be different in theory. So I was run into a few of those roadblocks that made me stop and then I haven't tried again since. So you go about it. I mean what you could do with AI or what you could do whatever it's different when you know >> solves this problem for us you're right >> yeah a lot better but then still same thing is what happens once they get on the phone what happens once they get into the community what happens when they get any email >> someone says this sales script won't work in India like we would never from this yeah right >> yeah exactly we never do current state and desired state here >> we don't do that >> so right and that's that's that was my ending conclusion I have a dope report where I was starting to get into cultural cluster theory that some sociologist um was up and I was that's what I do. I went too deep. >> Yeah, I went too deep and I had six different because I didn't want you know 200 different uh countries that have 200 different you know methodologies. So I went six and lumped them by these characteristics and that kind of worked but it was still too complex. So yeah, I'm I'm interested in someone solving this in the future. seems like most enterprise or fortune companies just do they do like different regions have you know a new leader as opposed to an extension of that roll up functionally. So, good luck, dude. I Let me know if you do it. You're a genius. >> Yeah. Yeah. TBD. TBD. Um, all right. Next one. I'd be interested to hear his take on the current state of the info coaching industry. Are we going through a shakeout period where the best are just going to bubble to the top or are we still in a growth phase? Meaning, can the market sustain growth or are we already at saturation point? >> We Great question. I love whoever's asked that. I have an actual >> David Goldfinch. He provides some solid value. people have told me that I can actually answer that objectively and I think so too. So the short answer is we have plateaued. The e-learning space as it stands has been in a plateau for about a year to 9 months in the fact I haven't seen much growth at all at the macro level. And of course there's always going to be shifts. Different people rise and different people fall for various reasons. And the industries emerge. So there are certain industries that are closing or are growing really rapidly still. So, I if you want to look at the macro condition and sell if you're trying to sell uh people on the idea to start an e-learning business like I am, um you don't have an amazing market argument this year. The only market argument that I could make, which is why I'm focused on YouTube organic, is that in a world where AI gets a lot scarier, and people don't know who is real and who is fake, it really pays to have built your personal brand in an era before AI, where there is the ability to verify that this person had videos that were published before these AI tools were to were good enough. So, we'll always draw this line of saying no matter what, anything before 20 22 or whatever. Um, I'm curious what it ends up being. People are like, "No, V3 was good enough that era." Um, but in general, let's call it 2020, pre-COVID, anything that existed will probably be cemented and solidified and then in person until robotics are announced. So, if you run >> until robotics Oh, god. Yeah, you're right. So right now, like it's important for me to put videos right now that people know are real because I bet this discussion between you and me. I bet me and you have enough call recordings where we could have mimicked something similar this time next year. >> Yeah. And we'll have podcast episodes and we'll have the ability. No one will be able to compete on voracious content. You'll have people like Cormosi who are like, I work so hard and then I'll be like, cool, I can come at that same pace, right, as you. So you will never you will never win again by volume. Um now you can make the argument though he's actually putting the reps in which makes them better which makes overall the content better and I agree with that. Hard work will never go out of style but just certain arenas I want to be uh I want to be cemented right now at this moment as opposed to later. So if you are going to build a personal brand and been putting it off and launching your e-learning business now is a great time. Uh it's just like what are we going to do next? I think that's what's gonna happen. People are going to flock to inerson events. In person will be the only thing that they believe is real anymore. And yeah, we do a live event, live live event in the office right now. There's 120 students who just bought sub 2 um or something similar from us that are in here right now. And every year we're doing the annual event which we're trying to get better at too. So whatever your method of deploying live is even if it's a free student meetup that's that's been our bread and butter for the last 5 years and that will actually build you a moat in the future. So inerson community moes are interesting you say that >> I like regulatory and governance modes where you can shut things down that's also >> style. Yeah, the follow-up on that question was will AI change the game which you already answered but like >> Yep. >> Yeah. We're we're talking about like riding the wave in the opposite direction too. Uh very public like you're you're basically saying that right? How are you hedging against it and how are you cementing yourself and in live in the ways that can't be duped. We're kind of leaning against it in terms of like a marketing message like we already don't fulfill in that way. So I was like why don't we double down on that? if we're already biting it on the P&L like that we do onetoone coaching that we do this why would we even >> close to compete with a $9 a month AI coach or something like why don't we lean so hard in the opposing direction that's like we're one to one you get a person it's only a person like if we're paying we might as well get the lift on the front in terms of like the offer the CTR the whatever so we're doing that but >> in person events >> can I give you one content idea I think this would be dope >> split screen like kind of like us right now same person, same like customer asking the AI coach $9 version the same thing and getting vastly different in parallel with your real coach and just being like, "Well, that's dangerous advice. Someone's like you should not not eat or drink water for 5 days comparatively to this." Like these things, you're talking to a robot. Like we have all this stuff in this in an ammo box. But the inperson events very interesting cuz like the economics of that generally are not great unless you can be in the high ticket world or sponsored world or something in order to make it work. And especially if you're trying to do like experience-based ones that are destination in some capacity. Um and with our market is very it's a little more difficult because it's not not to call what necessarily bisop but like bisop or where everyone is not only are they going after the same results of what they basically purchase or what the program is about but they also are very a lot of time have more similarities in like who they are as people. Ours has a tie in the results but has a little bit difference in that. So we haven't p we haven't done that. Um there's another guy that's in the German market that has crushed it with in person using um basically like speakerled events that then have a bunch of reps at it and do >> like uh before and after photos and stuff like that and they do all like resigns there. >> So it's definitely in the road map. It's something. But like events I've heard are just crazy hard to manage. Like you just did one with what' you say 3,000 people. >> Yeah. It's it's it's the most chaotic week of my life uh right now for the last two years. It's it's fun but terrible at the same time. >> Um but rewarding enough. So dude, I think probably the version for you is different. You just got to you got to build in person somewhere. So whether it's boots on the ground and you've white labelled a supplement and you have reps doing events at like supermarkets or whatever it is, um a lot of times people in the health space I feel like don't even white label supplements. They can just JV with >> supplements or some more sample based health foods or gyms. There's a lot of just already physical gathering places like of community of people who like health. I would not try to create a new category like it's freaking Topgolf or you know Pelaton users or whatever and people are like okay I have to understand there's this new fourth place in my life now. >> So just think about the chains and everything to have distribution. >> No no that's completely agree and this actually kind of feeds into the next question on this of what are some of the best niches and in terms of best niches what have you seen for massive backend opportunities? So what do you see as best niches for massive backends? massive backends. And by massive, I imagine revenue, right? Oh, well, we can go either way. Massive backends. So, the >> revenue, profit, or enterprise value. You can pick your you can pick your poison. >> Yeah. Um, I'll just show you guys here objectively. What >> got all the data? >> Yeah, I got all the data. >> Data data >> data. That don't matter to me. Tomato. Tomato. All right. All right. Sweet. So, we have top for traffic. I'm I'm narrowing down to business right now. Let me expand it back. So, if we want to get everything that we have here, >> and what are we on? We're on year this year. uh tool looks like yeah this year so far. Okay. And then I'm gonna we'll drill down. We'll go from primary to things that get really specific. So here is the answer. This is a super valuable table. Anyone who tells you that e-learning is growing or not growing. It doesn't really matter. All that matters is what do you want to do? So I would look at total low-end revenue by year. These are my conservative estimates. Um, and then I would look at specifically drilling down even further into the category that you want in order to niche it further. Like a lot of times I'm in my secondary or or third category. And then like for what you guys wanted, let's assume backend, we don't have to associate it with a payment type, but let's call it you want to have a backend that is a weekly, right? Or a yearly. You filter these on. And so you can understand does a reoccurring revenue model exist within my current industry or opportunity. Maybe it's a one-time, maybe it's something else. But that's how I would go about this and then continue to drill down into secondaries. And like I said, I like to go by third categories. Um, when I'm really thinking about beginning an offer, it's it's one thing to comp, you know, Dave Ramsey into personal finance and call him a personal financing brand, but I bet he didn't start as a personal finance guy. Most likely, he started as a guy who had this unique method around, you know, shaving a quarter off of your paycheck every time. And it was the paycheck quarter method, right? So >> yeah, >> not saying that that gets that specific, but KDP um is Amazon. KDP is a business opportunity. So you see like the individual nuance within Amazon for instance um opportunities or college applications. So I don't know if this answers your question entirely. >> Yeah, it does. It does. >> Yep. Um needless to say there is a lot of opportunity still and if you look at by a category we can see definitively that we're not getting a ton of growth anymore over is this the last four years. Yeah I started this project in 2022 so I don't have four years of data. Um but you guys can see yeah it's actually more than a plateau. I I think I lied unless I'm filtering down on something. Let's see. For real. >> For real. For real. Yep. Yeah. We're in a we're in some sort of overall saturation and that can be problematic if people are saying that there is opportunity that floods competitors into in more products into the same amount of market. Um I like when the market's growing and the product um competitors are are becoming less obviously or just the same >> which it's almost I mean tell me if you think wrong but is almost true right because the market >> generally theoretically speaking is continuing to grow into this online coming in of ways of online specific niche education and if the market of you know offers or quality offers or standout offers is truly less like >> just more market share, right, as a percentage. >> Yeah, it is. Right. And there's um I mean, if you plan to win in your niche anyway, then you don't even care. You're you don't care about competition because you're playing you're playing last mover game. So, >> yeah. >> For me though, being uh being a second mover or third mover still pretty great. Yeah. Being somewhere in the middle in a crowded market that's undifferiated and everyone has the same methodology. No bueno. which is kind of what I would say with um just life coaching, let's call it as a niche. Life coaching is really really hard to build to get started and build a business in um right now because of how >> how much there is available for product solutions. >> Those numbers in there, those just account for the info coaching portion of the business. So let's use an example like if pace on there had a fund like that's an insane monetization method but that's not included in >> correct. No, I and I don't I don't even see these insane big backends. Um what what we do is crawl through the funnel as deep as we can, but you can't crawl through a full funnel call funnel. I wish. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. No, it's amazing though. So, I mean that's 99.9%, you know, you have all the data from that side of things that nobody has. That's amazing. But, uh yeah, people always ask me this and I always say like insurance is one that I know like relatively well. So these guys who do these info coaching offers and then have something finance related. They have estate attorneys, they have whole life insurance, they take whole life insurance, put it, you know, take loans against it, put in real estate, they have funds or flips or this like and I'm sure you know the n the names of the guys who have done that and done, you know, nine figures. So >> I would do because people always ask me like what would you do if you restarted or like what industry would you pick or what niche and I would do that in two seconds. I would live in that land of like wealth management or uh like some finance in some capacity and or like insurance in some capacity. I think by far >> yeah dude if I wanted to see um if I wanted to go after that and see the biggest backends though whoever asked that just use a different tool use something like built with or um a tool that can detect web snippets and tools and just look for stuff like schedule once look for stuff like Salesforce. look for stuff that would be a like the tool stack that someone with a big sales for would use like a dialer dedicated dialerware um certain CRM like people stop using Active Campaign and Infusion Soft and certainly ClickFunnels when they get to certain revenue classes. >> Yeah. Yep. >> Yeah. 100%. Last question on here is a funny one. Are you Jewish? Do you uh can you work for you and do you go fishing based on your last name? >> Yeah, you can you can work for me in theory. Um, I do go fishing, not as much as I used to. In high school, I used to go three, maybe three times a week. And I had to give that hobby up and several others in order to get good at this stuff. Uh, >> yeah, I have two kids, too. So, it's pretty much family and business right now. And some music has come back to my life, but that's it. And I will I don't think I'm Jewish, but I will take an ancestry.com test if you want me to. That's determined. >> I'm good. Maybe him, but I'm good. >> Amazing. >> All right. Okay. Well, yeah. No, your Instagram is flooded with good stuff. I mean, now that you're doing this big push, too. Before it was like the before I would categorize you as like the behind thescenes absolutely mobbing. Like everyone anyone who knows knows, which is a thing that you already have had and you held that authority in the space. It's just not as much for either the newcomers to the space um or the kind of just, you know, majority of kind of the offer guys. Ax is flooded with it. And you, we talked about that real quick before we turned this on, but yeah, when I started doing the just consistent content, I'm not saying that that is by any means the method or the mode. I put on like deep conversations like this in person that have gotten 10 and 20 or whatever 10 and 12 and whatever thousand views more so than a video of me going so in-depth or talking about something that's >> XYZ way that could be hugely like very very valuable and that'll get like 600 to a,000 views. And that's just like nature of the game. But like it depends on what your goal is. What what are you after with this channel? >> My entire so the whole point of the initial part was what I say in the beginning which is like talent which worked like unbelievably well. So chief of sales CMO technically came like around then but wasn't because of then so I can't attribute that but like marketing tech sales reps I just posted for sales reps and got like 100 plus apps like people >> that would be great. Yeah. >> Yeah. That's amazing. >> So like that kind of stuff. Um and then people pass it around. So like overall talent of people wanting to work here, knowing of us so that when we have positions, it becomes available. Um, same thing with just kind of like awareness that kind of fits in the bucket of like company and brand awareness. I don't talk a ton about actual brand name. I did really early on and just like share the exact funnel pages. Now I just call it main code, but like anybody who knows knows or anyone who wants to look can find it. Um, just because XYZ of just however far they were reaching. My whole goal was zero virality. >> It was to stay in pocket. It was never to do the fancy edits or the video of me in the beginning and then the, you know, XYZ edit. It was just like screen shares deep in the trenches. Only person who's going to watch this. Like I have so many people in like my personal world who will be like, "Yeah, I tried to watch it. I just have no idea what you're talking about." But like it looks like it's cool. >> That's Yeah, cuz half of my following is like family and friends and stuff like Yeah. So they might be confused. >> Yeah. I did a full effort to I didn't I didn't publish any of that stuff or share any of it. So I all I did was post I had hundred I think on X that was like some OG random stuff and then I had like 20 on YouTube that was from literally like when I accidentally uploaded videos that were lives for like some random brand I worked with six years ago. So I had nothing on basically either and when I started posting I did not post on Instagram which was all relative friendish family and then Facebook which is friend family and digital marketer world I didn't post on there either actually. So, I built it all just posting on YouTube. And then when I hit 35 days or something in a row, some kid that had found me on there had been messaging me on Instagram because I kept telling everyone to message me on Instagram. He put it on he put a screen share or like a screenshot on X and overnight I got like 3 literally overnight I got like 3,000 subscribers on X and 3,000 subscribers on YouTube. >> Whoa. So, you hit certain tipping point. Were there different tipping points along the way or was it steady? >> That was that was the big first one. So that was at about 35 days in a row and I literally was talking that morning about just stopping cuz I was like this is like like I don't know how much value I'm giving or what really the exchange is or if this is going to work and I was getting like >> 100red views or 50 views or something on these videos and had built up I still had very quality lead like whatever you want to call it like inflow. I had the guys that were making 3 million a month, 500k a month. Oh, you know so and so sent it to me from my company. I own it but my marketing tech is watching it or whatever. Um so I got a lot of that. Um but then once it hit that it went like mainstream within our world um on X. So once it was on X X and YouTube stayed directly mirrored. So that was the first big inflection. Then I just started having conversations around all the topics and with people about the videos while still doing the dailies. >> Once I got to about 60 um videos in a row, so two months straight um I had Eddie Malof on as my first one like, "Hey, you want to just shoot the [ __ ] on here and let's record it and then post it." And we did that and that popped. that got like 12,000 views, still my highest video in general and interview. And then it was like >> cuz I now knew all these guys through X. So I got connected with Adam Young, CEO of Ringbot. I got connected in like the affiliate lead genen world because I have contacts and like know some friends there. So it was like that agency and info coaching all are on X and now I just had this like rung. I built the top 100 and I publicly posted it and was like here are the people I would to have on and other people are connecting me. I'm getting random follows, DMs, hey can I pop on? And then from then it was just like random cadence of who could got get on and it was just whales of the space or like you posted your dream 100 and just as like aspirationally said you were going to have these people on. >> Yeah. >> I just said these are people I would love to talk to like everyone up to like in my world like a Dan Martell or like an Eman or somebody on here all the way to like guys I knew that were just crushing it or like lead genen guys that were crushing it. So I've had lead genen guys on paper call guys. >> I'm going to do that too. Dude, we're we're we're aligned. this method is going to work so much better for me than some of the other tips. It's not that like other things don't work. It's just like when I find something that's more my style. I can be consistently posting stuff and uh post my dream 100, which I also already did. Yeah. To me, that's that's a lot better of an answer than um you have to do Tik Tok dances. That's >> Yeah. Yeah. And I never did any short form whatsoever. So, people were like, "Oh, you'll get more reach and you'll get more whatever." Um I do know a guy that does it that does it specifically still like very indepth clips. So there's stuff that's like very specific but just a shorter consumption method and he does it to like build depth within that core pocket. But again my goal is to like if you look at the other guys in our world that talk about this the top ones are 20k 30k 50k maybe like subscribers. Um and even those guys start to lean in the direction of like lifestyle or like zero to one. And that's not my world. Like I don't I don't one I can't really help those people. Two my lifestyle is I sit at the desk and three like it's not >> like I'm like what do I post on Instagram? I sit right here all day every day. But like >> so yeah I just did that up until and then literally this weekend I posted on like my Facebook for the first time. I was like oh by the way I just did 120 videos in a row >> and here was the outcome. So yeah it was talent. It was opportunities. Opportunities flowed >> which again you you commented on that thing but like I deny all the consulting deals. I deny all the partnership deals. I'll sometimes pass them if it's like someone who has something really great and I know someone really great that could be a me um a mix. And then last one was friends network which is like I didn't have any friends that did this. I moved out of move back to like you know near my hometown basically and have my OG friends, fam, girlfriend, that vibe and all I talk about and do is this. So I didn't have anyone to talk about it with and now I get to talk about it all the time all day. >> That's that's fun. You solved a lot of your problems. Um I can go on to new ones. >> I did. Exactly. Now I have like the actual ones instead of >> Yeah, I'm I'm super excited that I got to know you. Um I kept hearing your name around too. People were like Ryan Clog freaking genius. You got to get this guy on. He's this that and the other. Um his pre-call no show motion is pretty insane, you know, or whatever. So and I'm like if I hear that I'm like okay, I'm already in. >> Yeah, exactly. >> People who know. Yeah. >> Dude, thank comments already. But yeah, know we can wrap this. I know we were supposed to be out here 15 minutes ago, so Yeah, hopefully you're going to be this tipping point for me. You'll be like that random guy that uh 3000 guy, >> Mr. Guy on X, please retweet. >> What's your uh what's your actual X so everyone can >> My actual X is dude now >> because I'm telling you right now that is a major platform for this. Cool. Let's see. It is. Do I'm going to have to go through. Actually, you know what? I'm not going to clean it up. But it is handle is uh fish new. I'll share my screen so you can see which one. But it's of me my profile picture. I don't see Billy the chat. >> Oh, I found it. Fish new. Got it. >> All right. Sweet. >> Fn for everyone. And I'm gonna post it under >> Thank you, man. >> There you go. >> I'm gonna start. >> No. So, all I do, and you can see on mine, not to say mine's the best by any means, a lot of people like Jeremy Haynes has a really good one where he shares like kind of t like uh like thoughts or like uh polarizing things in different directions about a lot of things around cash collection, show rates, uh different piece of marketing, funnels, but I use it much more conversationally, much more. And like reach outs and like who's the best at this random AI thing, for example. And everyone will comment in this thread and I'm like having different conversations >> moving things to DM that are about this some kid just helped me with some crazy AI project and it all comes from that kind of stuff. >> So you ask for help on X >> I and that I actually need not just like not just engagement farming like I'm actually like oh this is where we're at like who knows the best thing about this thing and like I'll get a bunch of comments or who else should I have on this? Here's my top 100. Here are the 30 people I interviewed already. Who else? And I'll get tags and like I'm like oh yeah cool. Like today I set one up with um like we're literally my DMs right now. Uh Stephan Georgie um Alan Sultanic and I went back and forth and then I got two more on Instagram today that I set. So like this week now I have Lucanets. Uh I'm going on with Josh Gavin. I'm getting on with John Castow who's a big guy, Douglas James from LeadFi, and then another one that I'm not talking about yet because it's not it's not public. But >> wait. >> Yeah. All from just posting and being like who should I connect with? And then people see it and we go back and forth and it's like cool. It's jam. >> Heck yeah, dude. Yeah, >> I'm going to steal this exact strategy as I had. Dude, this um >> this this has been a game changer of a convo. I'm excited to have you on at some point so I can ask you more in-depth um questions about how you grew. But for right now, I can just reverse engineer. I'll just look from your oldest videos to your newest and then just figure it out from there. >> Yeah. Yeah. Start at like Yeah. the the first 10 15 I do the same content. You're like, that's not what the point was. That's the way Exactly. >> Yeah. >> I'm like I'm from Detroit. >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm from Detroit. Hi guys, Ryan. Yeah. No. Um, they were always very like here's how we set up our sales team commissions to be automated. Like here's my zap flow of sales team availability tracker and here's my Google script I use to show my availability across sales team for 30 days in advance. >> I'm going to love your channel. Yeah, because that's that's like my Loom library. So, Exactly. It's literally my Loom library is just live in public. So, cool. All right. Well, I'm going to get this live today on YouTube. So, it's already on X. Everyone's got it there. and uh talk soon. >> Peace. >> All right. Appreciate you. Bye.