TITLE: The Man Behind a $40 Million Coaching Business
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zlaqeDyp1g
VIEWS: 3871 | DURATION: 00:50:20
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back with William Rivera. Yeah, said correct. >> Yes, sir. Perfect. >> OG info legend at some capacity now going into Medicare, I believe. So, we're going to go all over the place today. But William, you get if you could give a bit of some background and some context and then we'll just kick it off a random jam. >> Yeah. Um, I'm going to give you guys the quick summary. So basically around 8 years ago I uh you know I played basketball all my life eventually stopped playing realized I wasn't going to go to the league and immediately I was like okay let me try to make some money right so the the hoop dreams are over so let me try to make some money and um I basically went into that rabbit hole of all the different make money online opportunities that there are pretty much did everything uh eventually e-commerce stuck so I found out about like Tai Lopez, like all the OGs, Billy Jean, um like all all the OG guys, right? And um got into ecom, found some success in it. But even early on when I was getting into ecom, I I'm pretty good at reverse engineering things. I think that's one of like my biggest strengths. So early on when I was getting into e-commerce, when I was broke, I saw the whole business model from the beginning to end. Like I saw these guys online. And this is like 2017. So like I saw people building personal brands. I saw people making money off teaching what they were good at. I saw people making money off of digital products. And I knew exactly then that that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to get really good at one thing, then build a community off it, document the process, build a personal brand, and make a lot of money doing that. And that's exactly basically what I did. I got really good at e-commerce. Um I documented the whole process on Instagram. That was like my main platform. And uh just by telling my story, I was able to go pretty viral online, amass over a million followers across all the platforms, and uh build a pretty big personal brand, teaching people how to sell on Amazon, which is like my main offer at ecomderee.com. And uh you know, slowly but surely, we went from like 30K a month to 100K a month to now it's all automated. We're doing about1 to$ 1.5 million a month >> with weekly automated challenges >> and uh doesn't require any fulfillment from me. But yeah, that's that's >> amazing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I saw your uh I do like a little bit of vet. I OG didn't do a lot of vetting and was just like taking whoever and then I looked and saw and I've seen your stuff for a long time so like I already knew who you were. Um but I saw you spoke at the ClickFunnels thing when they did. So what was that? That was like FHL when it was remote era or like was that midco? >> So not that was actually recently. That was like a year ago. Um Russell I guess this was the first time he ever did a international funnel hacking live and he did it virtually. >> Cool. >> So uh it was called Funnel Hacking Live International and he just invited us out. It was in Vegas at uh this big like just studio. I think Tony Robbins rents it out rents it out like every once in a while. But uh yeah that that was cool. So that was like to like 10,000 plus people. >> Yeah. That's super cool. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So that's what you're doing now. So it's so it was info then now it's through at that time it was what direct to cart and webinar. Now it's automated full webinar and then your next iteration of where you're living and land is what do you consider that? Is it paper call? Is it agency sales agency? The Medicare stuff. I don't know if you talk about that fully, but >> yeah, to so to give context, my main model, the way it looked is I used to do a live webinar every Sunday and we just did paid ads like spending like 20k a day to regular webinar funnel. Uh we used to have a bridge, like a bridge offer, so they would register and then there would be like a $27 offer and we would liquidate like 30% of our ad spend right there. Um that was also a good gauge for us to see how many buyers we would actually have in the room. And then on the actual webinar day we'd convert anywhere between like 7% to 10%. Um we were consistently doing like 200 to 300k days every single Sunday and then 40% of those people would be ascended into a 5k or $7,500 offer on the back end which was it's more like intense group coaching. >> And uh that was like our model for two years straight. our first we went from so I went from doing 300k a year all organic like just hustling like editing my own YouTube videos posting every single day just organic hustle >> to um finding out about webinars. I went to this event in Miami. They talked a little bit about webinars. It was like a they talked about a lot of stuff but the one thing that stuck out to me was webinars and they said Jason Fladdlin and they said read his book. I saw you were interviewing Jason like >> yesterday. Yeah. The only thing that stuck to me throughout that whole three-day event was read one to many by Jason Flavlin. So, I read his book and I literally read it like a textbook. Like, I would I'd be reading it and with my computer on the other hand, okay, this is how to do the intro. Cool. And then I'd do my intro and then so I just followed this whole framework. And then we went from 300K to the next year we did 1.5. Then the very next year we did 10 million. And the very next year we did like 20. So we were pretty much like just >> Yeah, it's amazing. ing hard after that. And uh eventually I got burnt out though cuz I was doing a webinar every single week. And uh I would do an encore two on Tuesday to everyone that didn't attend because we would make a lot of money with those. And then uh I started exploring how to automate it. I never really I had a limiting belief with automated webinars. I just never thought that they could convert as well as a live one. Um but yeah, I was wrong. Eventually we figured out how to automate the webinar. it was doing well. And uh one of my one of my friends, his name is Bill, he's in Russell's mastermind with me in like the highest level mastermind that Russell has. It's about like 18 business owners. And he was showing me his model. He was doing a weekly automated challenge, which is what we're doing now. And he was doing about like $7 million a month at the time. Um spending like 150k a day in ads to a 5k offer teaching people how to be bookkeepers. And I was just like, "Yeah, like that that's crazy." >> So, we we basically just stole his model and now we're scaling up and uh yeah, it's going really well. We we do a webinar every single day. >> Um the webinar is automated. On the webinar, we sell tickets to the challenge. And then the challenge starts every week, every Monday. That's day one. And then day four, we do a 5K pitch and then uh they get to send it into a 10K after they buy that. So, yeah. >> That's badass. How's the I mean is the team big for that like what or is it so much info so little coaching or I like I and this is like a compliment like ours is all coaching so like it's very team heavy like extremely it's onetoone coaching that we sell for an annual program so like we do a lot of we have to do a lot of volume and a lot of touch points a lot of human interaction versus being able to sell info that's at scale or at you know volume it's I I respect it like I think it's cool that people can do that and then like the spread is the real spread versus like for us it's like oh cool you say the ad number you say the cache number it's like no we also have the massive team number because we have to fulfill on it so I mean sounds like a lot of orchestration to go through like it's one piece to automate that but then to have like a challenge fulfilled on and then have the team to try to send them through sales and then have delivery of a coaching program or just a higher ticket info and then delivery of a next one like sounds sick and like the economics are amazing. It's just like how do you how's the fulfillment on that? >> Well our team's pretty small. We have like five coaches. >> It's amazing. >> That were all former students, which we're pretty proud of. So, these are all people that came into the program, ended up making six figures, seven figures through what we were teaching, and then we just hired them as coaches. And, uh, it's mainly all info. So, people buy, they consume the info, but they have access to a daily coaching call that's hosted by a different coach each and every single day. Um, on top of that, that coaching call that they're able to attend, which is one to many, we do this thing called office hours, which is basically like an audio channel that they can join in Discord where for one hour, one coach just sits in there and just answers any question that anyone may have. Um, and yeah, that's pretty much just how we run. >> That's amazing. That's amazing. So, okay. So, that's the that's core business there. I saw you uh I like the reverse engineer. You said that right in the beginning. That's exactly how I think it's like if someone else has done it like we can just model it off of what they've done. Like there's people in our world that do like you just said 7 million a month. I know somebody who does like two different people that do 12 and 15 million a month. One info one info plus code uh supplements and then one supplements only. And it's just like cool if they can do it with this model. It's like we can do it with this model and like our own niche. Uh so you took info you built that world. I saw you did stuff around real estate a little maybe just like a wealth development move. I was looking at some of your stuff and then now you have info with your partner and then the core thing you have is I assume the t-shirt that where you're going with this. So like what how does that all look now? Now now that this is automated you have fun Euro boy summer which I respect and love. I think that's hilarious. And then you have like what what are your other pieces? >> Yes. So my my main or what was my main business for the past seven years ecomder.com. Yeah. That's fully automated which is what we were just talking about now. Uh my my partner Alexis, she has her offer her last call where we teach women basically how to get into sales for people that are in info that uh right now she her model was my old model. So she does a weekly live webinar. Um we sell a $1,000 offer. People get to send it into a 5K event that we do in Miami. And um then at the event there is a 15K offer which is pretty much a more intimate event. Uh we had an event like a month or two ago, 100 girls, they all paid 5K and then we pitched to 15K, converted at like 12% on stage. And then the next event is going to be about like 300 to 400 women. So that's scaling pretty pretty well. And um because of like all my connections in the info space, we're able to place a lot of these closers, too. >> Yeah. >> And now with the Medicare company that I started, I've hired a lot of the girls myself. So, it's it's kind of turning into a staffing company. >> Um, and instead >> they do acquire. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. And instead of placing these girls on other offers, I'm just hiring all of them for for Future First, which is my main company now, which is a Medicare agency. So, we're not in paper call. We actually are we're paying for leads. So, we're paying a lot of these paper call people that you that you interviewed. I saw you interviewed a couple of them. So, um, >> we're we're in the business of actually talking to these seniors over 65 and getting them on the best health care plan and, uh, we're just we're buying we're buying leads. They're all inbound calls and then our agents are are taking the calls and putting them on the best plan. >> Yeah, it's amazing. I talked to uh I think it was yeah, Nate who talked about about it the most. He commented on my post about you today. He goes, "Tell them to buy my calls." Um, but yeah, I mean, so the where you guys sit in the hierarchy of that is there's a sales agency that you're a large arm of that you're building. Are you guys like a full sales agency entire? I I don't know. I'm like not that well versed in this land. It's like you have the agent, you have like the sales agency or you have like big guys like you who are like l main producers, you have sales agencies and then you have like the actual networks or whatever like and then government funding like you mean it goes up this like rung but you guys sit within a larger sales agency but you own your own thing like whitelabeled. >> Yeah. So the way that it works is we have an upline so it's basically a more established agency that's been in the game a long time. They have great relationships with the big insurance carriers like Humana, United Health. Uh so we're under them as our own agency and we kind of leverage their relationships to get contracts with these different insurance carriers so that we can sell their plans. Um so there's the upline, there's my agency, then there's all the agents that are under my agency that are selling that are getting contracted under us and selling these plants. And the way that it works in America is everyone over 65 years old that's worked 10 years in America, they qualify for Medicare, which is actually funded by the government. Um, you know, whenever we pay our taxes, we have federal tax, state tax, Medicare tax, and social security tax. Last year, um, $400 billion alone was spent just on Medicare tax. So, the government takes that pool of money and they fund this these Medicare policies for these people over 65. So whenever we're talking to people, they actually don't pay anything for these policies. It's 0 premiums. They would only come out of pocket if the policy doesn't cover whatever whatever happens to them. Um so so yeah, it's it's it's crazy. You know, we're literally >> selling policies. We're not selling anything because it's zero premium to them. And we don't just get paid when we sell the policy. We get paid every single year that these clients stay on the policy. So every sing Yeah. >> Yeah. Where we're compounding our income every single day. >> Um and the in it the insurance carriers are the ones that are paying us. >> Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah. So that's interesting. You went from this like big marketing engine that is obviously marketing sales fulfillment. Now it's really focused on that sales function because so and you guys don't have any interest in going into the land of paper call and trying to generate as well and be lead genen guys. I mean I ideally we would want to have our own marketing arm that generates our own leads so we don't always have to you know give this big bag of money to these paper call dudes right so I mean we app we appreciate them for sure because like if they if they stop doing what they're doing then we stop making money but ideally we would want to eventually build it out in house for sure. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I'm friends with uh I did the Puerto Rico thing for the last three years and like one of my best friends down there, they just are two sickos that just that's all they do and they just like 20 hours a day on a laptop, but they pump serious volume like hundreds of thousands of dollars a day in spend that go but they bounce around. It's like final expense or it's debt or it's you know XYZ ACA was hot for a while and like doing that. So Medicare cool thing is do they all have to be licensed and do all that stuff to in order to do that or is there is that I don't know if Medicare is a licensable Yeah. So, every every agent, so every salesperson in our company has to be uh licensed. >> Nice. >> So, that's why a lot of people don't really get into it. Um because there is a lot of red tape. >> Yeah. >> Especially there's a lot more red tape in Medicare than there is in life insurance. Life insurance is pretty popular. You know, a lot of people run life insurance teams and it's lucrative as well. But life life insurance is more the traditional it's more like the traditional high ticket sales job. like you sell a final expense lead, you make uh maybe a thousand dollars from that call, but every single month you start at zero. So, it's just like selling it's just like selling courses. And I didn't leave I mean I never really left the info automated, but I didn't divert my attention to Medicare to do exactly what we're doing over there. Um the reason why I got into Medicare is because of the residual income. It's because of the government contracts and the ability to be able to exit that book of business to private equity someday in the future because they they love government funded residual income. >> Yeah. So, what do those guys buy? Do they buy like the actual agency and the machine of producing more? Do they just like buy the whole book off you for like >> Yeah, they'll they'll they'll buy the whole agency. So, one of my mentors, his name is Tyler Reese. He actually owns a paper called software called Enroll here. he exited his um Medicare agency that he had prior to starting enroll here for hund00 million to Humanana. Um there's also another company we just hired their former VP of sales to come and work for us, but they were also a Medicare agency. They exited for $650 million to another insurance carrier. And yeah, these insurance carriers, they're basically just buying your book and then the uh the infrastructure that you have. What I love about Medicare too is like it's a like my my skills transfer over very well into this space. Whereas in our space, you know, in internet marketing, my skills may be seemed as as average because obviously in internet marketing, everyone is good at sales, everyone is good at marketing, everyone is smart as [ __ ] right? But when you take what we know in internet marketing and you bring it into the Medicare space, it holds a lot more weight because people in that space, they're not innovating like how we're innovating in the internet marketing space. They they're not doing webinars. They're not building out funnels. They're not >> doing a lot of the things that we we see as normal in internet marketing. So that's like where a lot of my advantages are in that space. >> Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. I mean, we we always talk about that like I'm not a super super fan of like I understand like I've bought 50 different MMO courses. Like I've bought I buy everyone's everything and like I learned this from this and this piece from that, but like when we run what we run where I've like put my attention has never been on that part of the market. It's always been on like finding a niche and then applying exactly what you're saying like doing it in this world where not to say it's not common but like it's a bigger it's a bigger ocean, right? You're not like a coach selling to a coach selling to another coach, right? It's not like you're all in that little bread zone. So, yeah, that's interesting. The webinars are what are really like the most of the questions I asked on to hear and I have different people feedback is like webinars and Medicare. Like those are the two things that seem to be like what your your world is right now and and rightfully so. Um, so you made the move from Tennessee, Georgia, one of the two, >> right? Georgia. Okay. Georgia over to Miami. And Miami is just filled with those people, right? So you have all the lead genen guys, you got all the internet marketing guys. Um, I see those other guys that do the other uh agency style space. Is that Medicare as well down there? I'm forgetting their name right now, but um there's other people that do a similarish model that are like the big name face and they get a bunch of advisers under them as well and they like build it. I don't know if they're building full-on agencies. >> So, a lot of I have a lot of friends here that are in the life insurance space. >> Life insurance. Okay. >> They kill it. They kill it in life. >> Yeah. Medicare, like I said, Medicare it's um I think it's pretty untapped as far as starting your own Medicare agency. There's a lot of low-key Medicare paper call people out there that make a lot of money. Um, but as far as starting an agency, it's not a lot of people know about it. And the people that do know about it, they're kind of hesitant to start because there is a lot of red tape. Like you have to be a lot more compliant in the Medicare space than you do in like life or in these other spaces. Um, you also have to start out with a lot more money because the way that these insurance carriers pay you, it's not like in coaching where, you know, someone pays an invoice and then it gets direct deposited to you tomorrow. It's like, no, you're getting paid every maybe 30 to 45 days and then the commissions are prrated. Um, meaning every single month they get lower and lower and lower and lower because they pay you based on how much time is left in the year or how many months are left. >> A lot of different >> Yeah. You got to understand cash flow a little bit better. Yeah, I have uh those lead genen guys I was talking about um they were talking about somebody else, but they were uh saying how there were private equity companies and like hedge funds that were fronting ad spend for like x percentage a book. So they were doing in order to like kill the cash trough so these guys could spend in like ridiculous amounts of money on day on spend they were fronting for their portion of the revshare because they had revshare agreements with a lot of these guys that were then buying you know up the it's crazy how many players there are how many people get their check out of like one policy like how much it rips down but these guys had some backer um or their friends more so had this backer that was some hedge fund that was taking whatever percent uh upfront of theirs and then they were so they could fund the the ad spend and it was Like that's just crazy model cuz then they get their rip on the cash flow cuz they're willing to take the amount of time cuz they sit on that much cash and it's like just a whole different world than info coaching land. Whole different world. >> It's a it's a great business model and and yeah in the insurance space so many people get paid. Uh like the insurance carriers get paid, the agencies get paid, obviously the media buyers get paid, uh the payer call software owners get paid. Like every everyone's making money off that off that one. We'll see. >> Yeah, I was just down there. I don't know if you know like Jeremy Haynes and those guys, but they host uh that was a pretty cool mastermind. It's a lot of um it's a lot of like info growth operator style people and a lot of people who live in info coaching paid land uh more so than like Iman has his, Cole has his. They have their different like groups and Jeremy's is very what feels like focused on like his whole thing is like million-dollar months and the next million-dollar month and how I can make rich people richer. Um, but the crew of people that were in that room was pretty cool and uh I ended up hanging out with uh Adam Young one of the mornings and dude like he was talking about some of this and like the different lines of business and the amount of billions that come through in certain c like some of these lines like Medicare debt like whatever and it's just like astronomical numbers in comparison. So like with the number you said right like hundreds of billions of dollars go through that one line. So yeah. No, it's cool. So your plan is what couple years and like you said exit. Yeah, our plan is to scale to thousands of agents under Future First as well as hundreds of brokers. So, um you know, we also teach people how to start their own Medicare agencies. And the way that business model works is we pretty much license all of our SOPs and trainings and everything to them and then we get a small cut of every policy that they sell. >> Oh, wow. Okay. So instead, so creating other >> you other other agencies under me. Um and that way when we go and exit to private equity, it's not just our book that we're bringing to the table. It's our book plus all the agencies that are under our our agency's book as well, >> which will increase the multiple and also increase their multiple that they would not be able to get on their own. So it would be it would make more sense for them to roll up with us when we present ourselves to private equity to exit uh than them to to do it themselves. So that's like the bigger play. >> That's amazing. That's amazing. So you're doing what the webinar style info at some level, right, for that piece of it to sell the model. >> Yeah, I'm still doing like um content on Instagram marketing. Uh, we're hosting a daily web or not daily, but a weekly webinar where we're introducing the opportunity to people that want to work with Future First as far as agents, but I also talked about the broker model on that webinar, too, because I know that a lot of course creators follow me that maybe want to switch over from info into this space kind of like I did. Um, so yeah, we're doing that weekly and that's how we're we're getting more agents and more people that are interested in being brokers, too. >> Yeah, that's super cool. What do you see the I was talking to Jason yesterday which is funny you say that because we we talked about you for a second in there and he was like oh yeah and then like this automation software this like oneclick software and how you guys sold um I think I assume he was talking about you when he was talking about it but you know going through the process it takes 10 minutes to check this product versus this oneclick software and how it was like this big wow moment so like webinars are so out of my frame like we do VSSLs for everything is VSSL to call a funnel on the phone that's it like no direct selling directly I mean really anywhere we have low ticket now but what do you see the world of webinars cuz you're still going to be in it a little bit. And like how high can you go in pricing? How long are these things? Like you said, you can go automated, but you're do you always do live first, I assume, and then you go into automated after the fact, it sounded like like how do you view that scape of things? And this is kind of purely educational for me because I haven't yet touched it, but I'm going to. >> Yeah, I mean webinars have been around for such a long time. >> They're they're never going to go away. I mean, the I feel like the webinar is always going to be the best way to sell. It's going to be the best. It's always going to be the best way to take someone from completely cold to warm in 60 minutes and ready to buy your product. There's nothing that can really beat that. The VSSL is great, but when someone watches a VSSL and they get on the phone, they're still kind of skeptical. Like, they're still kind of they're not that warm because they only watch like maybe 10 minutes or 20 minutes or however long the VSSL is. But a webinar really gives you the time to introduce yourself, break the ice, break all the skepticism, and then present that opportunity for them to work closer with you at the end. And um it allows you to to sell at every price range, too. Like on our webinars, we would pitch our core offer at the end, but then everyone that couldn't afford the core offer, we would downell right then and there on the webinar, too. And then also everybody that was registering was already buying a low ticket offer too. So we would literally sell low ticket, mid-t all from one webinar. And I think that's what's unique about it too. But yeah, webinars aren't going away as far as like priced like how high you can sell on a webinar. Um I think I think 997 to 1497 is like the sweet spot for a for a webinar for like a one-hour webinar. Um, obviously it depends on your audience. Like if you have a very sophisticated audience, all business owners, you could probably sell at a much higher price tag. But, um, if you're going like BTOC and you're doing super big webinars with like thousands of people in them, then I think that like 997 1497 is a like that that that range is good. >> Yeah. >> The highest I've ever sold on a webinar was 1997, so close to $2,000. >> Yeah. Yeah. Uh Jason was talking yesterday because they did Eman's like I think they he said 49,000 or 59,000 or something live at like the peak and theirs was 1500 and they like crushed it with that. They did you know supposedly like over eight figures in profit on whatever five or eight day or whatever it was. Um, but yeah, we we when we started this, we were selling 497 over the phone and it was also selling on an auto web like 6 years ago and we just turned off the autob cuz the math made sense on the phone and then increase it to a,000 then 1,500 and then move straight to high ticket coaching and just like never looked back. But like that product still exists. It just cannibalizes. Like our biggest thing now is like understanding where cuz like have you sold the same offer this majority of the time like with increased bonuses and some tweaks or have you like had to fully shift the offer because of the market like over the years? >> No, we've pretty much sold the same offer. >> That's amazing. >> Yeah, >> it's amazing. >> Same same offer. Um and then we've just improved it like we added AI to it. Uh because one of the things that I tell a lot of the people that I like I don't have an offer around like how to build a great offer, how to do webinars or anything, but I have a lot of friends in the space that I've just like consulted. And one of the biggest things is like people don't want to buy an offer that they feel like they've seen before. Like they don't want to buy an improvement offer. People always want to get into what they deem as a new opportunity. So, if your offer doesn't seem like a new opportunity, even if it isn't, if it isn't portrayed as one, then people are just going to be less likely to buy, because if they feel like they've seen it before, especially if you're targeting mass mass audiences, they already label it as something that doesn't work or something that's a scam. But if it's something that they've never heard of before, they're they're more prone to like hear you out. And if you can get them on the webinar and you actually do a good one, by the end, people are going to buy if they can afford it. The only reason they wouldn't buy is if they could if they can't afford it. >> Uh so that's like that's kind of my thinking when it goes to that. >> Yeah. No, I mean I feel like you just think so like direct and like s like I don't like simple is the wrong word because it's not like what you're saying is very complex and like thought through and but it's like it's very simple and then like add on the fact that what feels like you're like just like a workhorse and just go through it and just go like a weekly webinar for years is crazy behavior. Like that's that's wild. And like even now like on a new launch like your partner doing that same thing and like just knowing that's the like you just do that you do that to do that. Like we were building something the other day and it took like six people and we were like across like a 10day range and it was this whole thing and I was like we could have done this in like 10 minutes and sometimes like we get caught in that and and it's it's cool to see when people just like here's how it is. You you bought the book you're like oh this is how I do it. You ran based on what the book you iterated. You reverse engineered someone who did it and like look at it now. Like I respect that. I think that's I think that's a good way to go about it. Uh I think that's that's a proper approach. >> Yeah. No, I appreciate that. Yeah, I'm big on um just failing forward and like success loves speed. So, I'm I'm all about just committing first, figuring out the rest later, just starting fast, and then uh figuring it out, figuring out how to do things you're just [ __ ] up, >> to be honest. Like, that's that's why I did webinars for like two years straight. I wasn't good in the beginning, but from doing so many reps, I figured out where I needed to improve. Like I would pull the the chat log with all the timestamps and see like okay people started asking questions around the 23rd minute. What did I explain at this minute that confused them? And then I would polish that. And I did that over and over and over and over again to the point where I basically had a perfect webinar and then that's when we started to automate it. >> Yeah. >> Very interesting. And then what do you guys use to automate now? I I know that one software we went to Onyx event and I know he just did a big one but uh I'm blanking on the name of the software but it's someone is using some cool one that's like a Zoom pretend like a pretend zoom >> replay. We we use that um for the daily webinars we still use webinar jam. >> Hey the OG. >> Yeah. >> I don't know why to be honest. I think we're just lazy. I think that's probably why we still use. >> But for the for the actual 5day challenge that we do every single week, we use Simulive, which is the Zoom feature that you're talking about where you send a Zoom link, people join the Zoom meeting. Uh it looks exactly like a real Zoom, people have their cameras on and everything, they can chat, but the actual shared screen from the host is a recording. >> Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. There's so many things that I just like don't know about that world like the show getting optimizing for the show rates and optimizing for like these pieces of it. I think Jason said yesterday on his and I thought it was super interesting but he was like yeah we essentially when we test these things we'll launch them to the community basically first. So they come out with these offers and he was talking about how we'll do like oh we're going to only sell 10 spots and we send it all to the community because we have like tens of thousands of people in community or like past customers. Um and we've never done this. We always do every it's like all new generation. We've been on hamster wheel new acquisition, not so much like LTV and testing and market and like being able to do that, which is silly. Um, but what he said yesterday was like we would sell one one or we would sell basically a 10erson capacity uh for one to one and we'd sell it at 10k. We'd test it, we'd all the messaging out, it would have actual scarcity and it was real. Then a month or three months or whatever later, we then launched it to the same group as group but a fourth of the price. So instead of 10K it was 2500 and we'd mass launch that and we'd do a couple iterations until we got it worked out and then we'd move it to cold. And he's like that was like that's how we did our $56 million launch that we did through webinars and XYZ. And I'm like oh that's so interesting because we're building out like a new offer right now that's in addition kind of to the core offering. It's like oh it's this like the plus like the extended version. So we're like oh we should launch that to here then try and figure out the pricing make sure the fulfillment works and then launch it to cold. And I just my biggest thing is like trying to figure out how not to cannibalize because for us it's you know personalization and onetoone is essentially the biggest lever. So it's like if you give all the information the implementation is different yes but like is it seen like that to the consumer and I don't know and if we just mass sell it for a thousand bucks up front does it just nuke everything that happens over here for like you know the 510k offer. So yeah it's interesting. >> Yeah that's tricky when you're when you're offering oneon-one because >> that that happened to us before. We used to have we used to give people one-on- ons for our 5K offer that we had. So people would buy our 1K course, then we would send them into either a 5K group coaching or a 7.5. But the 5K already had one-on- ons. So people didn't really see the value in the $7,500 program. But we took the one-on ones away from the 5,000, put it in the 75, and we immediately started selling way more of the 7500 because we realized people will actually just pay more for the one-on-one. They don't really care about anything else. >> Yeah, >> that that that is something that you have to watch out for. You kind of have to know what your customers want, even maybe doing like a survey to the list. But um Yeah. Yeah. Because you could definitely cannibalize it by having >> an offer that's too good. >> Yeah. having. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's like the other offer isn't good enough now. It has to be like fantastic up here for it to Do you know who uh Brook Hitting is? >> Yes. >> Yeah. So, I I talked to him really early on. He was one of I did like I literally posted videos every day. I think you said that you did the same, but like for a long time. And he was in the first like 200 people of my subscribers and was sending me stuff and he was doing like 3 million a month. And I was like, I don't know how you found me, but like yeah, it's a jam. And uh he launched a webinar and was talking about it live so I feel like I can share it. But he was saying that they have like a basically a one it's a webinar to a or I don't even know if it's a webinar. I think it's it might even be VSSL but it's direct to cart for 1K with a 1K order bump. So like one or 2K and then from there they do an onboarding call and on the onboarding call it's essentially the the ascension call and they get like a 40% take rate on ascension to like a 5k 25k a 50k like these other offers. And all it is is uh it's e-commerce right? So, it's uh US-based drop shipping that's high ticket or whatever I think are the three main things. Um, but it's just implementation. So, it's like here's the entire info course basically and then right here you'll get us onetoone coaching you and then over here we'll fully build your store and get your ads running until you get your first over 1k purchase and that's like 50 G's. And he's like, "Dude, we get take rates on these like crazy because it's all we're selling the same result. It's just the different layers of implementation have the different costs." And I was like, gosh, that's so like I don't know how to do that with what our market is, but that was a super interesting offer to me. >> Yeah. So, Brooke, um, my old sales manager and CMO actually are his current >> Oh, cool. >> current CMO and sales manager. But, uh, yeah, Brooke is, uh, he's probably the guy that has the best VSSL in my opinion that I've seen >> in in B TOC. >> Yeah, >> his his VSSL is insane. He has a really really good team and his salespeople are really really sharp, too. um the way that he has it structured as far as the onboarding call, that's exactly how we have it structured too. Um or how we had it structured in the old model where people would buy the 1K program on the webinar and then on the thank you page, it would basically be a video of me telling them that the next step is to book their onboarding call and on that onboarding call, we would give them all their resources as well as tell them about like the the other programs that we had. And we we also had like a 40% take rate there. >> That's amazing. Um be and and I feel like it's because people are the most excited right after they bought something. Um if you wait too long to talk to them, then their motivation kind of goes down. But if you get them right when they've invested, they're already on such a high that it's easy to upgrade them. Especially if if they see that by upgrading they're actually going to get to where they want to be, which is the whole reason they bought faster. >> So >> yeah, we're doing like a two call close right now for that for our low ticket. So, our low ticket is like sub $100 and it's purely based on ascension. So, like there's no AOV focus, no upsell, downell. It's like buy this thing. There are some order bumps to try and like get a little AOV boost. But then the thank you page is like book your onboarding call and they book it and it's with the setter 15 minute slot and then the setter if they're qualified if they XYZ, why didn't you apply for the main thing? They're like, oh, what's the main thing? And then pushes them over to there. And those have the highest show rate, the highest close rate, all of that. It's all about getting the economics right of getting the cost per purchase low enough and like just how the offer is structured. It doesn't really make sense to get it to enough volume. So, we're like rebuilding and testing new ones and doing all that. But that model is I mean that's what publishing was doing too, right? They were doing a 2K direct toart through I think webinar as well and then same thing Ascension and the other big guys in health are doing like either a test kit or a webinar thing where they sell some small thing get them on a consultation sell a 7 10 whatever K thing like the model seems to be that right now. Um and anything works. I'm a big believer in like anything works if you can find your honeypot but like that seems to be one that works with the economics of how the market is doing right now. um and like what people are willing to buy and not and how much consumption they need and they need to Jason said it yesterday he's like low ticket used to be I don't want any low ticket buyers because I'm a high ticket person and if I do low ticket it'll make me seem like I'm like a cheap person and he goes now the market is no they want low ticket because they want to sample you and they want to sample and get more consumption through low ticket to then go to high ticket and I was like oh that's an interesting frame like that makes a lot of sense >> yeah I mean I think across across every industry It's the same model where it's um you get people to make a small commitment first and then they just make bigger and bigger commitments after that. Uh but they have to make the small one first. >> Yeah. >> And u you know a lot of these guys that have exited their companies that aren't into info like us, they pretty much do the same thing with like books. like guys like Dan Martell and and uh these other like Cody Sanchez they have books >> which is a small commitment to a buyer after they buy that you know they get into like all the other stuff that they have whether it's paying them for consulting etc. Hormosi does the same thing right he has books that are cheap but then he has his workshop at acquisition.com and then he actually has his uh like his partnership with his private equity firm that he has. >> Yeah. No, it's that's the endgame, right? or the the next game is probably a better way to say it. Like it's a the model makes sense and it works and those guys are I got connected to Steve um from Prime Core Services and like they crush, right? They're in nine figures and there's all partnerships and he made this like web of connections. That's how I met Jason and then he uh tried to introduce over to Dan and Dan's like in the cave building and I I love Dan's stuff. I followed Dan for years, like years and years and years when he was not and he made like a video on stage somewhere and tried to like message him back when I was freaking 17 or something probably like 10 years ago and uh I just messaged got connected with his EA or someone and that he has these cool offers where people can like go on the jet with him and fly around and do that. I know Brun Bronson did you say you're actively in his biggest thing? >> Yes. >> Yeah. So what is Brunson's new tier structure? Cuz to finish that thought, Dan's was like you basically he goes on this like event tour when he goes and speaks and you can essentially like pay XYZ not to do his offer pricing or whatever, but like go on this trip with him and like fly around with him, just be in proximity, talk to him on these things and then he goes and speaks, you go and do your thing while you're on these trips. And I was like, "Oh, that's a cool idea and offer." And the price wasn't that crazy for like who he is in the scheme of things. Um, but what is Brunson's setup now? cuz we went to FHL last and I think yeah that's where we like briefly met you and I know you met co-founder as well there. Um that was the only one we went to but on stage he was pitching something similar to that. It was like more the entry. I think it was Prime Mover at that time but what's his stack right now? >> Yeah. Uh so Prime Mover is his newest offer that I'm pretty sure they're scaling like aggressively right now. It's uh it's a 10K offer. It's VSSL to a 10K offer and it's all group coaching and they use Simulive for a lot of the stuff that they teach there. It's basically like uh it feels like live coaching because it's it's on a schedule. So like day one at a certain time you join a Zoom call there's a host like a real person that's like telling you what you're about to learn uh what Russell's about to teach you. But they just play a lot of like Russell's old presentations that he's that he's done in the past because he's spoken at so many different events. >> He's got so much information. >> Yeah. He has like banks and banks of content. So they're just like they they teach a certain subject. Then they play a piece of content of Russell explaining it way more in depth. And then after that, they basically do forced implementation where you stay on the Zoom call for another 15 to 20 minutes and you pretty much just implement what you just learned and then you brainstorm with everybody. And they've been getting a lot of good student results with that. Um, so I know that's like his 10K offer that he has, but his actual like whole ascension ladder is uh, you know, he has books. >> Yeah. >> And after the books, he has the the software. I mean, everything that he does is to get people to get the software. That's like his main business model still. That's how he does nine figures. >> But um it's the book, then it's the funnel hacking live ticket, then Prime Mover is 10K, then his cheapest mastermind is 50,000. And then uh the mastermind that that I'm in is 150,000. And that's like his highest coaching. Um, and I think you I think you can pay him like 250 for one day with him where he kind of like builds out your whole offer, webinar, everything. >> Yeah. >> I don't know if he still does that though. >> I know. I was going to say I think he I I feel like I heard that he like pulled away at some of it both for time and then also like >> I think majority of it was time because like he he went in that whole Prime Mover and like the personal development. He's so into all those like original books and he always had the original marketing books. Now he has the original personal development stuff and that's just such a larger market like you like if you see any of the kind of transition Eman videos he talks about how he was like kid learning it then agency then general online business and the next iteration was outside of online business with personal development because it's just like a wider scope and then from there it was like I want to be famous right and I quote so like he went up this track and I feel like Brunson is just such the like you said earlier using the marketing skill in XYZ world like to do it in personal development is such a much It's just a much larger market than like two online marketers and he's got the obvious uh skill set in order to do it in terms of how he can market. So, who do you currently like Okay, you said Brunson, you said Jason at one point, you said uh I'm forgetting his name, Reese um for Medicare, but like who do you currently consume or try to learn from like in in in your world of where you're trying to go? >> Man, right now I've really just been reading like a lot of books. I haven't really been consuming a lot of content. Like I I've been reading like Cameron Herald. He has a book called Viv Vision. >> Yeah. So um >> somewhere around here somewhere in here that's an OG one that my dad my dad's in Vistage. I don't know. It's like uh it's like a entrepreneur network and uh he's been in there for like 30 years and he used to bring me to stuff when I was like a kid and Cameron Herald would go and speak at those when he was doing like his initial launches. So like vivid vision like traction like they would push all those books and my dad has a vivid vision on his company's website that he wrote out that's always three years in advance. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Hell yeah. That's that's dope. Yeah. Uh so I've been reading a lot of like Cameron Herald um vivid vision really just books on vision compelling people uh building like a tribe because now in the vehicle that I'm in um where ederee.com was a very lean company. We had like 30 30 staff. With Future First, we're going to have thousands of people. >> Yeah. >> So, I have to learn how to be a better leader and learn how to like really really lead people and then develop them into leaders. So, I've also been reading a lot of like John Maxwell like >> 21 irrefutable laws of leadership, the five levels of leadership, a lot of books like that. >> But as far as like Yeah. I don't I don't really watch any like info >> Yeah. >> anymore. >> Yeah. when I went into the con the production mode which I had never done in my whole life like I don't think I opened YouTube other than studioyoutube for like for months like it was crazy to me I went back and I was like what did I miss like cuz I used to just sit here two screens have that up and like I learned a lot I mean that's how I learned learn something implement it like you said but like I I do a lot of random tactics and stuff I feel like you can pick up on content depending on who you listen to not just the fluffy stuff but like I can get a lot from that the books are more like like you said like foundational like core for things and like tried and true and then the tactics and like what what's hot now is more so like what's in the content or who's talking about this new little thing or oh so and so is doing an interview talking about an ascension ladder and like I didn't understand that how that worked and now we implement it we iterate so like I kind of like balance those but man I haven't read in a minute like a proper session of how I used to read and like I've you know read all these are behind me at one point and then now I just like don't and it's like it's just like a whole frame shift and now I'm trying to go back into consumption mode just do these randomly with cool people cuz it's Like >> it's fun. >> This is awesome. This is awesome. >> Yeah, it's good to just like meet people and shoot the [ __ ] But I was done spewing. I was like I got enough out of the brain and like I think I got my little moat of like cool people around me and like one connection away. But the reading and the like consumption is so powerful if you listen to the right people. >> Yeah. Yeah. And like what I like to do is I'll read I'll learn like you said I'll learn like the fundamentals of the topic and then I'll just reach out to my network and I'll go deeper on a certain subject because luckily I've been blessed to you know have a great network of people around me. You mentioned Stephen. You know Steven's like one of the most genuine smart guys that I know. You know he's built a massive company with Prime >> and he's actually the guy that connected me with Flatline too. So he actually used to send me a lot of uh >> presentations and resources that he had that Flatland has had sent him and then he connected us too. So uh shout out to Stephen. Um I talked to like my guy Eddie Maloof too. >> Eddie, bro. Eddie. And he was my first one I ever had on here. Fun fact. >> Yeah. >> I was like, "Eddie, you want to get on this?" And he was like, "Yeah." And I was like, "What software do I use?" He's like, "I don't know. Riverside." I'm like, "I'll get a Riverside account." Like he was the original. still the highest views too cuz I threw on the title cuz at the time I mean they're literally doing 25 million a week or whatever for their clients. >> So that was like Yeah. He just he's a character. >> Yeah. So it's like when you have people like that in your network, you really just got to talk to them and and they give you everything that you need to know. So >> yeah. No, I got some cool people in the pipe just from being able to like post like I've got uh Luca Nets next week which is a crazy long story. Like I used to work with Luca like five plus years ago and like built some random stuff for his original communities like built the pages, built the subscription management thing cuz I was just doing tech on the side just for sport and I followed him and he looked he was he put a story up. I responded to it and I was like I can do it tonight and just like built something and then we like fostered that and then a year later he bought Pudgy and like we so we have that like scope. Uh Josh Snow I think is going to pop on which is like again a random connect through this and this. So some cool people that are now like either one connect or direct connect away that didn't exist all because of making these videos which is like cool right like that was the whole goal at some level. So like talent and then network and are really the two core ones. So yeah it's it's badass. How do you uh operate this thing? Like how do you like I just saw you travel like I mean just by talking to you I love how like the the dichotomy of you online versus you here. Like I see the golden thread of like who you are, but also like it's like you're out here and you're doing this and like it's the top of funnel stuff very clearly and like you're you're like you're quick with it. Like you're smart. Like you get what's going on like you at a very good level which I again respect. I think that's badass. Like how are you able to like travel around and bounce? Like how do these companies operate? Do you have like a partner that's like an operator or you feel like you're the operator because you said a lot of vision stuff. Do you try and do that? >> Yeah. So, luckily on the on the info side, it's a very lowmaintenance business because it's 80% info. Um, the coaches have a schedule when they have to be on the coaching calls. So, um, there's really no management in in that area. I have two really really good sales managers and uh, you know, they manage the whole sales team. They also close themselves. So, they close and manage. And then, uh, yeah, I have a really good operator. His name's Arya Dadka. So, he manages ecomdedderee.com. Yeah, I he's actually the CEO of ecomdegree.com. I don't I don't do anything with ecomde now. Um and he's also the COO of Future First. >> Oh, badass. >> He's a monster operator. >> He's really really good. He's the he's the glue. Like he's the reason why all the companies are doing what they're doing. >> Uh while I while I just go to, you know, Europe and >> No, I mean Yeah. Yes and no. And that was by no mean a jab. That was a that was a compliment. That was like a That's amazing what you've built and been able to like produce what you can produce up here and then also have like such great operations. Like that was by far a compliment. So hopefully it was taken as such. >> Yeah. >> But yeah, he's he's he's the reason that uh the info company and Future First operate pretty smooth. And then we also just have good systems. Um, I would say we have way better systems in the info company now because we've just been doing it longer and we're currently creating and implementing kind of similar systems into future first to pretty much automate the um >> like for example the weekly calls that we're doing for future first eventually those are going to be automated. Um we have a a we use trrenual. I don't know if you know what trul is. It's like oh yeah so onboarding software and literally as soon as an agent joins future first going all the way from not knowing anything about Medicare to getting licensed then getting contracted with the carriers then becoming ready to sell and ready to get on the phones. All of that is step by step in tranual. They don't ever have to speak to me. They just go through that onboarding software and in a month or two months they'll be ready to get on the phones. >> Yeah, it's amazing. >> So, it's pretty much like plugandplay right now. >> Yeah, >> it's badass. We're running up on our on our zone here of time, but this is fantastic. I definitely want to do a part two or when I pop down to Miami, I I went to some cool content suite that was down there with uh Jeremy in person and those are just those flow a little better where you're just able to just sit and chill and go back and forth and do these. But I definitely want to hear the update in six months or whatever where uh where the Medicare agency is. >> Let's do it, Ryan. I appreciate you having me on, bro. >> Yeah, I'll talk to you soon. All right. See you. Peace.