TITLE: We are officially back... here's the $100m plan.
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXMJvTmCqaA
VIEWS: 2794 | DURATION: 00:27:50
================================================================================

What's up, guys? We are back to documenting the road to building our online business to over hund00 million a year. Today is actually the one-year anniversary of when I started making videos. So, if you don't know, uh, if you go to the YouTube channel, I made a video a day for four months straight of us building our business, the ups and downs, the es, the flows, us getting up to over 5 million a month for a couple months in a row, coming back down again. Uh, and we are here again. All right. So, I'm going to go through today kind of what this will be now going forward on YouTube and what my plan is. Um, the personal outlook I have right now, which as you can see is short and you'll see why. Uh, mainco plan and kind of the view there and All right, so these are kind of the core buckets I have my life in right now. Uh, personal, mainco, and Uh, and again, what these are is I'm not here to sell you anything. All I do is share what did work, what didn't work, and what we are actively doing. And I make all these videos with the goal of finding talent, opportunities, and network, which I will obviously talk through today as how this all has played out over the last year because it has extremely extremely well. Um, this one especially is kind of funny, but uh in our online business, we've done uh whatever this is 106 million or so now in total cash collected. Uh last year we did 34 million. Year before that was 30. This kind of the arc and then we moved all our stuff over to So or a main portion of our stuff over to and I can get into that as well. Um but yeah, so we're doing around 2.53 a month right now. But let's get into it. All right, so what my plan for this is now um the dailies are generally especially now uh unsustainable. It's just not possible for me um to confidently do that. And sorry if I sound like my nose is plugged. Uh I've been sick for 5 days after going on, you know, a six city journey. Um but what I really want to do is just document um almost act as like a journal. during the era of sharing and planning and doing all those videos was arguably the largest growth period I definitely had as kind of me and I'm going to talk about that a little bit today but I'm going to have other videos where I talk about that um where it's like the journal and the evolution and you can kind of look back um so the current plan is to do them weekly uh or multiple times a week but like a hard set it definitely will be weekly uh and then if I'm feeling it do it in the middle of the week because I want to or random times um as classic this is you know 9:00 p.m. on uh Friday night, which is very par for the course. So, I'm going to release it then cuz I don't care. I don't care when it goes out in the in the algo and the things. Uh this is meant for people who are building online. Um and that's the whole goal. Now, prior uh it was a lot of focus on info coaching, which it still is, but it has expanded a lot. Um both in like my skill set, my purview, be love, talk to, and just kind of like what's important. So my goal is to expand this to just true online business uh online entrepreneurship. The levers you can pull within your business to grow uh and then you as a human who is involved in online business as somebody who can pull the levers whether that's the owner, the operator or what. But that's what I know. So that's what I'm going to talk about. And again only going to talk about what did work, what didn't work, and what I'm actively doing. Um so let's kick into it. Honestly, uh so personal side of things, frankly, gentle bit of a struggle bus. Um I have not made any time really. Um sick right now. I'm back to back on these planes and this and that. Um, working like no other in terms of hours and day. Um, but this is the clearest the vision has ever been for both companies that I'm involved in. Um, and it feels so good, but it's almost like there's an execution layer gap. And like I said, I'm going to make a separate video about this because I'm actually spending this entire weekend um planning basically the trajectory of what I am and what I need to kind of skill set and stack and become and where I see the vision of my of the company of Mainco and then also of like my portion within Um because I think that is that that's all I want to do. That's all I want to spend my time on. Um and what I need to become to do so which also becomes creating space because I think that's been a big gap. I've not created space. I have just been like basically plugged in 18 hours a day um since and that is a common thing and it almost it's just seemingly not to be the answer. Um so yeah, so let's talk maino. I also have a math sheet. You guys are going to love that. Um but we're going to go by department. So at this point we now have directors essentially of each segment of the business. So we have marketing which is broken technically into organic and paid. Um we have sales director, we have coaching director, we have customer success, we have tech, uh we have operations. Um and I fundamentally believe back to this vision is clear that every single one of these coming into the next quarter which you know we have a couple weeks until uh each one of these if they hit one core project that in my mind I already know what it is um it completely changes the business. Uh so organic as a very simple example if you dominate right think in extremes if you dominate organic CAC more or less goes to zero right let's just say right the the most extreme example of that if you dominate math or math honestly math uh paid which I'm going to get into the direct toart math I have a whole spreadsheet and all the fun stuff for those who love that um if you dominate paid and get your cost per acquisition to net zero through liquidation everything changes if on sales this truly works in a way of like true true efficiency of every single lead that's coming through the giant paid engine, it would fundamentally change the business. If on the coaching side, the experience and the product and the you know naval quote which is uh basically like you know you need what is it you need you need marketing because your product sucks, you need sales because your marketing sucks or whatever it is in that in that order but it starts with product and that's not you know absolute but the idea being if you have the best retention in the world it wouldn't even matter. You don't only have to acquire a customer once, you keep them forever. Your LTV would be you know endless. Um customer success similar idea around this which is a function of retention but also of community and there um tech mainly on the data infrastructure ability to scale and the AI enhancement and then replacement of things and then operations not so but kind of just the overarching uh vision the cadence that we have. I I say meeting cadence and it sounds so stupid. um some same with accountability chart, but it's like so fundamental um at a certain point just to like understand how all the pieces play together, how everyone is comped together, um where the leadership stands, who is truly responsible for what. So, I'm going to get into the direct card and the math. Um but this is really like how I'm viewing it. And I can go deeper into any of these and please always drop comments and talk on X and we can go back and forth. This is like a narrative. This is a journal. This is an evolution. This is how I'm viewing the business now. so many changes and I almost should make like recap videos of like past ones versus prior when we're doing multifunnel and these different directions. Um I have had some version of a change of heart on that. Um and a big version of change of heart in terms of like what we're building and how we're building it brandwise and uh where the focus is going. So let's get into some math because I hear about this all the time. So direct to cart math and I just want to like flesh out some numbers with you guys because this is fun. So, don't look at this side yet. This side is a high ticket call funnel. This side is what everyone's talking about right now. What we are very bullish on, what I've seen tons of people do really well, uh, which is low ticket acquisition funnels, the math behind them, the ascension to high ticket, not just acting as direct to cart only. So, in this model right here, and we're going to play with all these numbers. So, blues are inputs, blacks are outputs, right? Um, or calculations more so. So total spend, let's say you're spending 10 grand a day, okay? You're sending it to a low ticket product where you're getting 100 buyers from that. Okay? So you're spend 10 grand to get a 100 low ticket buyers, which means it's costing you 100 bucks, right? 100 bucks times 100 here. Now, let's say your low ticket AOV between and I I want to make so many videos. I'm so behind. Um your low ticket is your direct your first purchase. There's Otto, there's order bumps that you can add to it. there are to then have it and combine sum of that which is your average order value on there. Okay, now let's say it's 60 bucks. Okay, in this example that means that you sold 100 of them at 60. You made $6,000. So technically speaking, you spent 10 to make six. You're only out four grand. Okay, now let's say of these hundred people, 5% of them ascend to your high ticket. And there's so many pieces and parts to this that the high ticket ascension percentage here. This is like eight different metrics blended into one, which is like your community engagement, your uh if you push them through call, what are your show rates and your set through rates and your then set and close through rate? Like there's so many different levers you can pull um to get ascension essentially uh as well as just like straight up is your product laying up to the next product. Is it cannibalizing the other one? Like there's a million things we could talk about on this, but just for simplicity of math, let's say 5% ascent, which is very good. Good. Um, so you get five high ticket buyers, your high ticket OV, five grand, let's say. Um, so your high ticket rev is 25 G's. Okay, so you spent 10, you made back six on the same day, and you're only out four grand. Another big thing of this is the cash trough. So many people blast into these, have these huge spends, and are looking for the bookings to come in late or, you know, within X period to make the cash back, and when they don't, it's gone, right? this you're only out four grand on day theoretically, right? And you have a hundred buyers that now are in your ecosystem, are buyers, are in your community, uh are consuming the product, are callable, are buyers of your thing, which is so different than a lead funnel. Then five of them have chosen to or you know, 15 of them booked calls, five of them chose to buy and you made 25 grand. So your blended revenue on day is 31,000. Okay, blended rev there. Now, low ticket math, and this is where it gets all CPA, net verse gross, and all the the fun, the blendeds. And this is kind of what I want to talk through. So, $100 is what it cost you raw to get a low ticket buyer. $40 is what you really lost on the transaction because you have $60 that you made per. So, you're liquidating about 60%. In this model, okay. Now, your high ticket net CPA, your raw cost, what you normally look at over here as well, is costing you $2,000. Okay? Right? Because you spent 10 grand to get five buyers, but your net, you only lost four grand. So, you spent four grand to get the backend money, which is 800 bucks. Now, people go back and forth, back and forth, because then it's, okay, well, I'm getting a 3.1x on my blended, but on my blended net, I'm making 7.75. And what's the real answer? 92 different variables on how you want to look at this. I view this as a more scalable, structured, better model at scale. Um, because we have pushed VSSL funnels to the limit. So, the same thing over here on the VSSL side. You spend 10 grand. Um, let's I'm just using complete random math here, by the way. Um, let's say you get 300 leads, um, which cost 33. This is a this is an opt optin, uh, VSSL funnel. Some people run straight to app, but let's say you're running straight to app. So, you're getting $200 applications, 80% of them book through. So, you're getting $250 phone calls and six buy, right? 15%. Now, 50% here is a sales per booking, which is blending your show rate and your close rate, all the things in one, but just quick math. Okay? So in this model, you spent 10 grand to make 30 grand. Okay. High ticket SCPA 1,600 bucks. Made 3x made 20 G's. Profit. Profit meaning just on your marketing side. Now you got to pay your sales reps. Now you got to fulfill on it. Now you got to do your overhead. You got all the things. I'm just using profit as an example because I feel like it's easier wording. But over here you made 3.1x and you did this. Now how all these change and flow and do this you didn't make 7.75x more you did in a net basis for sure but what actually happened and like hit the bank account this is a great cool metric to look at on how efficient you're being with the spend and through and blah blah blah blah blah but in the end of your new cash collected which is five grand on that in the end you made 3.1x Right? 31 grand and spent 10 cuz that is your blended revenue between your low ticket and your high ticket. So I see people talking about this all the time back and forth, back and forth. What really usually happens is someone sells something that's like $20. They get in this world where instead now it's 20 bucks. They have a 3% Ascension, they're profiting $7,000 on it instead. And then there's the crazy amazing people out there who are getting $80 AOV or liquidating 80% of it, making 11x on the back, right? But see how this still stays low because your ascension is what matters for a bulk of the cash. So this is your true lever. Your true lever is getting people to ascend. Okay? Now, that happens in a multitude of ways, like I said, and I feel like I can make more videos of this because I'm already on a rant. Um, but the ascension is the key. And you do that through community like Nick Fisher vibes, right? Where it's like all community-led growth and they have teams completely dedicated to making sure that people consume the low tickets or the mid tickets or or even the high ticket to then to send them to higher ticket. But it becomes product quality, it becomes community, it becomes brand and it becomes a proper ascension ladder where the products are differentiated and that there is a clear golden map through people do weekly webinars. People how do you optimize the webinar like go go. So that's what I want to talk about in terms of math on here. Uh I'm very bullish on this model. Um because I believe that it becomes a more scalable and if you do it right in terms of brand and ascension path is a better model overall. Um I think it's longer tail. I think it's a it's a bigger game you're playing especially if you're not just trying to optimize in two second and it allows you to spend heavier get more brand awareness because you have the liquidation happening. Okay. Versus this is very straight line very through. I think everyone should start with one of these models. Um, I just personally have not been extremely successful past a point of call it 30 grand a day and spend. I've seen diminishing returns over and over again. And there's a lot of reasons why and things we haven't rolled out like outbound and proper squeeze and uh pipeline management, a lot of stuff in the sales world because that's really what it comes down to is like once you get them into the apps, the bookings, it becomes a sales function and we haven't been fantastic at that. Um, so this allows for a little bit more squish but even more opportunity on the sales side. So it's like it just feels like more opportunity. It feels like a higher way to do it and it feels more foundationally correct. Um, and I'll get in other videos of like the the straight up plan here, but marketing is there. This is how I'm viewing the company. I'm viewing different ones of these buckets. We've never touched outbound. Like I said, I'm viewing sales as it needing to become a machine as we have done fantastic at kind of small to medium scale and then kind of come down. Small to medium scale and come down. Um and that is because the dance between these two and the consistency that's been able to come from paid to fill calendars or qualif or fill quality calendars um or calendars with quality uh as well as maintaining team and dynamics there. And those two cards have often fought uh if you have volatility on the marketing and you have market volatility on the sales, it's dangerous because when both are good, you feel like you're on top of the world and you're making 6x, 5x amazing. And when one is bad, you're making two or three. and when both are bad, you're losing your ass. And that is my personal experience of that. Um, but yeah, so I'm viewing this as a much more scalable solution uh and a way that will be able to take us to over 10 million a month and then truly become a more of the state in game. So it's like right now I can accurately say that we are having the best at unit level metrics we've ever had. Um, but it's just not doing enough volume. Um, but now it's a stair step. It's how do you machine it and continue to scale and continue to grow into it. Um, on the coaching customer success, I don't really want to yap for this entire entire thing. I just kind of wanted to say what up and say I'm coming back and I'm going to be working on all these fun things. Um, but on the coaching, customer success, the customer experience, kind of those two tied together, there's a huge play that we're making for community, brand, customer experience, and how the pass off and relationship exists that then continues them into the program. Um, there right now historically has just been basically selling more of the same, which I think is not the right answer, and it's just kind of a blind spot we've had. Um, and I've talked about this, uh, rolled out a portion of like a basically a second graduation type offer, um, that I think maybe wasn't positioned correctly or sold correctly. Um, and we're making a lot of shifts there that I'm excited to share once we kind of do it. Um, and then refunds as always, which is just a lot of those are win back opportunities. A lot of those are ascension opportunities when you're talking about refunds from a low ticket and what could be because it doesn't have enough, but oh hey, we do have the thing that does have enough or you have other offers. Um, and we're also going through an entire offer shift right now. So last you I'll talk about um tech data data data. I made a tweet about this yesterday that was like the one thing you can do right now is basically just create a single source of truth. Um we are actively doing this still and you if you anyone has seen my videos from the past this is like not new news but is still an issue. Uh we move tools to one move tools to another. Um now in my opinion most of the main tools all have essentially the same thing. Everything is just a bunch of tables. Uh and AI requires it. So, I want to make a lot of videos about that. We've built a lot of crazy stuff. I personally have built a lot of crazy stuff just a side quest and just learnings frankly um that have done really really cool things and I want to be able to do that at mass scale but it requires the data to be formatted in a way stored in the same place consistent uh in order to use it in order to do things for us. Um, so again, I'll make full dedicated videos about these as we start to go through. Um, but this is a really big push I'm making. And then in the operations, this is the overarching. So this has already been set. It's already been, you know, is almost always kind of a work in progress, I feel like. Um, but this is the first time we've truly fleshed it out uh to where it's very clear on leadership. It's very clear on who our uh department heads um everyone at the director level now and where they kind of sit and what they're responsible for KPIwise. Uh and then hopefully coming into this quarter it's you know we can set the baseline around these KPIs which come back to where's the consistent data and is it all there and then once the data is all properly there the KPIs are truly set at baselines and what's um you know delusionally uh achievable then you can tie performance and compensation because I'm super fan of that. Uh it's just very hard to do when you have inconsistent data and when certain KPIs don't necessarily drive the business. Uh so yeah that's been a big push. Now, the other super fun one. So, right here. So, we moved all our stuff to Wap. I talked about this in the other video. Um, and I took a position within WAP, which is like crazy. I haven't had a job in a very long time. Um, most people be like, oh, you know, you can't focus on more than one thing and this and that. And I have so many arguments in different directions about this. Uh, yes, very much so. There is time spread and focus buckets that are required in order to be effective in both. Um, but I view this as one like big work bucket to me that I can focus on and I I just I think I could do it. So, um, here are the amazing things that we're working on on the side. So, for me, I'm on the account world, the account growth world. Um, so basically when someone comes in account, there's basically three buckets I look at, which is activation, management, and growth. And the entire core focus of what we're trying to do is how can we have the best possible product and experience and there's so many different departments and divisions like I'm literally just going to talk about this little world uh within which is so expansive I cannot even explain to you and I feel like even online you can't even see you can't even see it but within accounts activation um so the big focus there is how can we help people make money online for the first time how can we help people grow online businesses how can we do it the legit correct way um and that is what is in Wapu that is where Gavin is um Josh Gavin uh and Tiana and all this the team over there. Um but their whole goal and under that privy is how do we get people from zero to 10K a month? That's like that first big bottleneck and and move. Uh and you do that through you know basically teaching through the basics. Uh which I'm pretty poor at frankly. Um I talk in a lot of words and things that aren't that good which is just frankly probably me just not having enough understanding of things um to be able to do that. And I've also never been a zero to1 guy. I've always just been like a scaling type. Um, so these guys are fantastic at it. Gavin has made hundreds and hundreds and hundred I think it's like 900 low ticket offers uh and helped people go from zero to one. He's had many direct to consumer zero to you know X um products before that he's helped. So right guy for the job. Um but so they're building there on the management side which is kind of where I'm like closer to is the account management right? So that is basically anyone who's doing over $50,000 a month on gets an account manager and those account managers are who I work with really uh essentially on the daily. Um, and our entire focus there is how can we be best-in-class in terms of support and helping them grow their business. Um, most other softwares or platform or whatever you want to call it. Uh, they make more money when they sell you more things. WAP has and is kind of not that. makes more money or grows when you grow your business, which is I like love. Like that's like so my jam. So what we've done now is basically broken out account management into specific business models and types with the goal of what now is finally happening where we do have things that are expansion that are more so services that we can offer from within versus like historically what we'll do is oh I can clearly see it's a sales problem let me make intro introduce you to XYZ sales agency or oh I can do this and that is very very helpful and that's what we try and focus on doing is like whatever we can do to help someone grow their business, whether it's a connection, whether it's something we can build in house, whether it's there, it's like, how can we help? Um, but now for the first time ever, um, we have WAI, which is sick because that allows people to self-s serve basically, um, and be able to generate checkout links and build entire things within their business, um, and like just answer any support question they could possibly have. Um, so that allows these guys to be less essentially on defense, uh, and more on offense. So now I can start to help them and build with them identify essentially a fractional growth op view where they can help people on WWP grow their business directly and because they're in designated business models they can know what's working across other categories within the business uh type and help you know bring those over. or oh this person's running this webinar model like this says this is the person they used oh you guys should use them and it is so much larger than info coaching and almost like a kick in the ass for me to be like hey I'm not really just info coaching I just happen to have info coaching as the main business I've run but it's online business it's agencies it's physical products uh there's so many more things so expansion that's happening now we also have w ads which I could talk on this for so long but w ads complete native it's going to be you know blackbox I want to run ads and it can completely go from A to Z it can do media buying it can creative. It can do the data side. It can do all of it. Um, we have all the W data. We have, you know, agency level accounts. Amazing stuff there. Treasury, I don't even know what I'm allowed to say yet, but it's publicly out right now for you to basically able to earn yield. So, you can use that um for essentially, you know, a business savings account that can earn way more yield than any checking could. Uh, and and and I don't know what I'm allowed to say, so I'm not going to say anything else, but this is just a very exciting time um to be part of this. And then my zone of this is growth. Um, so I have WOPX, which I've talked about I think on here. Um, so essentially I made a group on there and it was kind of funny joke against WAU. WAPU is for 0 to10K. WAP X, which is literally WOP.com/x is for anyone who's doing over $100,000 a month on on So no cost, keeping to my name and frame of I'm not selling you anything, but it is the mastermind caliber of the comparables. And I'm not going to say names or things. and every single person has their niche and bucket and what they're best at and they're fantastic and I go to all the events and I like have so much fun and there's so much value and customer results and all the things. Um, but we're trying to create instead of it just being info coaching native, it is where you go to grow your online business for people who are already doing well, right? For people who are already doing over 100K, who already found product market fit, who are already there. Now, it's the scaling, right? It's the team, it's the marketing, it's the fulfillment, it's the sales, it's the AI and tech. Like there's these different parts that then truly turn it into a business from an offer. And that's what we're trying to do. So historically and thus far, it's literally just been like we rolled out plaques which are sick, which are for 1 million, 10 million. I'm almost at 10 on So I'll swap this out cuz I completed the rings and now there's no need for it and I'm a W boy. So um plaques came out and really right now it's just group chats uh for 100k plus and uh 1 million plus group chat. There's around 300 people in there which is cool. Um, but engagement's kind of low honestly and it's a little bit harder on Wap Native. It's a little harder when I don't as have as much value in there. Um, when people aren't sharing as much. So, I'm building out a V2 and I'll make a whole kind of a video and announce on that. Um, but essentially Wapex is that it's going to be the online business hub uh for anybody who wants to grow their business. And it is merit-based. If you're not processing on use running your payments, running your business on uh, and you're not over $100,000 a month, you can't get in. And if you do it for a little bit and then you drop under $100,000 a month, I'm going to kick you out. And it's going to be like proper shoulder-to-shoulder with only people who are actually actively maintaining business. And my goal is to be a a person, not only the person within WEX that is essentially player coaching, who is massively scaling a business and talking about what is happening real time in the space um of online business while it's happening. Uh and last one on here is or last two is essentially events. With that, I want to roll out quarterly events. I want to run out a massive event. Um, but all that's to come. That's just kind of an open loop. And then a partner program, which is a really cool basically revamp to the affiliate program. Uh, that will launch that'll be just massive. So, had some issues with the affiliate program back and forth in the past. And I'd really like to rebuild it the right way. And I view that as a huge growth lever both as bringing in new, but also a way to uh incentivize current community and people who have been with W for a while um to do so. So, that's the general gist. Uh, I'm coming back. I'm doing weeklies for sure, maybe multiple times a week. Uh, this has been so like just insane growth and trajectory and all the things for me when I did do it. Um, coming back to this, like we hired amazing talent that we found opportunities. I said no to every single DM. You can ask anybody um to pay me to do anything. Uh, and the only opportunity I directly took was the deal. and it was to come on and help businesses grow and keep businesses on platform. That is what it is and I needed to leave true to that. So network that's apparent right through all the interviews and through all of the events and all the cool stuff I've been able to go to and people I watch for 10 plus years um that I now essentially get to like call friends uh is very very cool to me. So, this was accomplished. Uh, this was not. And so, we did have a small growth year. Um, 30 to 34. Um, but I'm looking to just now that we're in pocket and we're right there, it's just more the same hammer scale. And then I have some huge updates on stuff we're doing with LTV and new stuff we're doing with uh some version of acquisition, but I'll talk about those once they're actually live and happening. I appreciate you guys. If you stay to the end, 27 in the comments, please. It allows me to know who actually stays to the end. Um, and if you have any questions, let me know. Uh, I'm active on X. So, talk soon, guys.