TITLE: 6 Clients * 5,000/mo = $30,000 with AI - The Exact System
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-Q2ndNhRRU
VIEWS: 7532 | DURATION: 00:22:11
DATE: 2025-10-21T17:00:32.000Z
================================================================================

Okay, six clients times $5,000 per month equals $30,000 per month using AI. Here's how you do that. If you don't know me, my name is Daniel Fazio and I've collected over $25 million. So, here's some Stripe screenshots. These are my own processors from offers I own. And when you include PayPal, other processors and wires, it gets to over $25 million with some pretty damn good profit margins, right? And the reason I'm showing you this is because a substantial portion of what I do now involves AI because it's pretty much required in order to actually make any meaningful amount of money in any efficient manner or capacity whatsoever. I started with an agency and then launched a coaching/ consulting company called Client Ascension and then launched a software company called Liskit and and like that's what this is right here. So I'm going to teach you the right way to make money with AI in this video. So this video is for normal people, right? Not tech experts or developers or highly technical people. So you don't need any experience because the best way to make money with AI is not by making AI apps or tools or even making an AI automation agency. It's by taking in demand services that businesses already buy and then fulfilling those services with AI and automation and then selling those services to them as an agency offer. So you're thinking three things right now after I've told you this and presented this to you. You're saying I don't even know what services I would offer because I don't have any experience. You're also saying that I don't believe you. you can't sell services for $5,000 per month without being an expert. And you're also saying that I don't think it's possible to do this within a couple months. So, I'm going to do three things in this video. First is show you what services you would actually sell and how to fulfill those clients using AI so you can work less than 30 hours per week doing it. Sometimes 20 if you're a complete [ __ ] psychopath. Second, show you how to position yourself even as a beginner to sell high ticket services. So, exactly what you would need to do to be able to successfully do this, even if you have completely dead zero experience running any kind of agency or using any kind of AI in any capacity at all. Complete dead zero experience. Three, the exact steps you would need to take to get clients as fast as possible. So, literally how to even get the clients at all. Okay, so let's get into this. So, part one, here are the services that you can sell as a beginner for $5,000. So, this is like literally what you're going to sell. Let's recap what you're doing here. You are not selling AI automation or technical AI builds where you need to screw around with code or do some like backend like wild stuff. Okay? You are selling currently in demand agency services that businesses are actively purchasing right now and just fulfilling those services by using AI tools. You're not selling AI. That is like saying sell internet in 1998. It makes zero sense. You're selling a service and just using AI yourself. You know what I'm saying? So, with that said, here are the business models that this makes the most sense for. And the number one business model is building funnels and running ads for clients. If you don't know what a funnel is, it's just a series of pages that take a prospect or potential customer into either a purchase or a sales call. So, here are the deliverables that would be associated with the service. You'd be writing sales pages, publishing the funnel pages with that sales copy, writing email flows, writing ad scripts, designing ads, setting up the automations to connect everything together, and then running the ads. But now you're saying, "Well, Daniel, I don't know how to write sales pages or email flows or write ad scripts. I don't even know how to design ads or set up automations or run ads." That's fine because AI does 90% of the work. So, in my last video I posted here on YouTube, I walked you through how I made over $500,000 with AI in a launch last month. That video is literally me just walking through like the prompts I was using with AI to go back and forth to literally create all of the marketing material in that last funnel. So, it literally wrote everything. The link is linked in the description, by the way. You do not need to be a professional copywriter. You just need to feed AI examples and prompt it correctly to actually have good output. So, this is literally what I teach my students to do. Like, I teach them automated market research, AI sales page copy, AI VSSL scripts, writing optin sequences with AI, writing broadcast emails with AI, writing breakout videos and pre-called emails with AI, writing video ad scripts with AI, making static ads with AI, every single kind of bit of marketing tech or marketing automation. Literally, all of this, like, I teach them all of this and how to do it with AI. So now you're also saying, well, I don't know how to deploy funnels or publish a site. I also don't know how to set up any of the automations. This is extremely simple. You just build funnels using tools like ClickFunnel, right? So they have templates, but I obviously have my own templates of funnels that have literally already worked that you can feed to AI as examples, right? So I just give those templates to you along with example copy and the exact prompts to copy to actually get good results. So the premise I'm trying to convey is that you can just use AI to create all the deliverables. You do not need to spend 300 hours copying sales letters by hand or studying copywriting to be sufficiently good to actually produce results for clients that actually work. Get what I'm saying? Like this works extremely extremely well. Number two, another example offer here is scripting and posting content for clients. So this is where you script out social media content for clients. They post it and then that content drives either sales or sales calls for that client. So obviously the quality of the content dictates the results that the client gets. And because you're not an expert content writer, we use AI to write it all because AI is better than like 95% of actual professionals. In fact, I use AI to write a substantial amount of the [ __ ] that I post. So, including most of the videos I posted on YouTube in the last couple months that have literally made me millions of dollars. You'll also notice that my videos only get between 3,000 and 10,000 views. I don't make money off of YouTube ad revenue. I make money off of selling [ __ ] and selling offers. And these are exactly the same types of clients that you would conduct this for. They don't need viral content. They need content that makes sales. And when a client sells a $10,000 offer, they only need to sign 10 clients to make $100,000. And they're very happy to pay you at least 5,000 of that. Now, of course, you're saying, "But Daniel, I don't know how to write or edit content or run a content agency of any kind. It's why we do literally the same premise as before. You take a [ __ ] ton of examples of scripts that actually worked for other offers, inject it with the right prompt, and it immediately spits out results that work for your client without having any experience whatsoever at all. We just provide this all to you. When I say like you just give it a ton of examples of stuff that has worked, I just give you the stuff that has worked and the prompts to execute it. So, let's walk through some other models and offers that you can sell that apply to this. So, I could walk through the same thing with tons of these, but you get the point. It's that AI is capable of completing the client work even if you have never done it before. So, here are some offers that you can sell and have AI do the client fulfillment work. email newsletter management, writing sales pages, scripting and creating ads, creating lead genen funnels, automating cold outreach to book sales calls, making webinar funnels, making low ticket product ascension funnels, making VSSL funnels, making YouTube videos, making Instagram reels, ghostwriting, LinkedIn post, ghostwriting, Twitter and expost, appointment setting. AI can do all of this because AI is the automation of cognition. Any service that requires you to sit down and think to create something, AI is capable of automating that part. 90% of the work of an agency is literally sitting and thinking what to make. AI does that part. Therefore, 90% of the work is automated with AI. Okay. So, part two is how to position yourself to make $5,000 a month from a client as a beginner with zero case studies. And this is important with zero case studies. So, no experience whatsoever, not even proof that you were able to do it at all. This is how you do it. You need to quickly talk about why a client pays money for anything at all. And it's that a client only pays you money if they believe they're going to get a return on investment. They specifically need to make an ROI. So, if they pay you $5,000, then they need to make$10,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 or more. There's literally zero other reason for them to pay you money besides this. Now, when I say that to you, you're going to have all sorts of waves of anxiety because you don't want to be responsible for getting client results and you're scared because you don't think you can get client results and you think that you're going to go off and sign clients and they're not going to get results and then there's going to be posts about you online being a scammer who steal his money. This is literally what you're thinking right now. you're going on this like insane emotional tirade of fear that you're not going to get the client's results and you're so debilitatingly terrified of that situation that you just choose to do nothing at all. And if you've considered making an agency or starting an agency in any capacity at all before, I'd argue that the reason for not starting or being successful at it is not that you didn't have the resources or capability to do so. It's that you were so debilitatingly terrified of not getting client results that you instead decided to just do nothing at all because you were so scared. So now you're at a crossroads. This is what you need to understand. This is not going to happen to you. There's not going to be an internet scandal about you. You're not large enough for this to happen. Not even remotely close. Second, this is your crossroads. You can either decide to stop being a giant [ __ ] or you can decide to actually make a difference in your life and take control of your outcomes. You need to trust your own ability to use AI to get results. Okay, so with that said, here's what you do. Step one, you need to position yourself around ROI. This is how you get clients. when you have no client case studies, no experience, no alkales, no no people to vouch for you. Like you have to do this is how you do it. So you generally do this in three different ways. One is by having a quantifiable promise on your offer. Second is having a risk reversal on your offer. And then three is using an ROI calculator. So let me just walk you through some examples here. I'll book you 30 qualified sales calls per month on a paper call basis. I'll book you 30 qualified sales calls per month or you don't pay. I'll book you 30 qualified sales calls per month or your money back. And then here's an example of an ROI calculator. This is just a literal calculator that you show people like, hey, here's how much it would cost to do this with me and then here's the results that you would get and then therefore you would make a 12.5x ROI working with it. You just like literally show the numbers to these people. Step two in this process is social proof and selling the concept. The ideal situation is obviously you having a ton of client case studies that you can show to a prospect that you've done this before working with something like my YouTube playlist where I show dozens of people just like yourself who have managed to do everything I'm talking about successfully and build highly profitable AI assisted agencies for themselves. So like I literally have like a YouTube playlist with a bunch of case studies of people getting results working with me, right? But you're a beginner. So you don't have that. So how do we get around this? This first requires you to understand this premise. There are two sales that need to occur in order for a prospect to make a decision to buy with you. The first is the concept of your thing working at all. And the second is the concept of doing the thing with you. Right? So say your thing is building funnels for a client or doing email marketing for them. You need to first convince them that email marketing will work for them and then convince them that working with you to do the email marketing is the best decision. Now here's what most people don't understand. the first sale. The concept of the thing working at all is what stops most prospects from moving forward. You have failed to successfully articulate and or demonstrate that the actual strategy of the thing you're doing is capable of getting results in the first place. It's not that the prospect doesn't trust you, it's that you have not yet sold them on the concept of the thing at all. So, it's not that you need case studies, it's that you need to just articulate a value proposition and sales argument. Like literally, that's it. This is like 80% of this. You literally need to imagine that the prospect doesn't yet believe YouTube would ever work for them. Ads would ever work for them. Email marketing would ever work for them. Funnels would ever work for them. This entire video you're watching right now from me is literally me convincing you that the concept of an AI assistant agency will work for you. I have not even gone into my student case studies yet. I'm sitting here just simply explaining why the presuppositions you have around all of this are [ __ ] I can't do this. I don't have time to do this. I don't have the expertise to do this. I don't know what to sell. I can't get client results. I need case studies to make this work. This is all [ __ ] I'm just convincing you the thing is the best thing that you could possibly do for yourself. I have not even gone or mentioned why I'm the best person to do it with. So, it's not that you need client case studies. It's that you need a bulletproof sales argument and value proposition to properly prove to the client the concept of what you're selling works in the first place. We primarily do this in two ways. The first is a video sales letter and then the second is the actual sales call. What you say in the video sales letter and what you say in the sales call are effectively the same thing. This is literally why when I give my students templates for their VSSLs, I specifically instruct them that this is also the sales deck they'll use and just read off of on sales calls. So, here is all you need to show on a video sales letter or sales call in order to get somebody in the concept of doing the thing. Attention grabbing headline. So, it's normally just the offer we came up with earlier. The expected results your prospects can possibly achieve. So, examples of other businesses who did it successfully. They don't have to be your clients, just examples of it working for anyone. ROI calculator to show the numbers, a depiction or graphical representation of how the system works. So this is like the actual system or process you're building for them. Just represent it graphically or with a flowchart so they see like conceptually what is occurring. What deliverables your offer includes a call to action and then answers to the frequently asked question. This whole outline is completely capable of selling the prospect on the concept of the thing you're doing. No testimonials or client case studies required. Okay. Now step three is deliverable stacking. So, imagine you're a business owner right now running your own $30,000 per month AI assisted agency. So, you've done everything I'm teaching you here today successfully. 8 months have gone by and you now have this business and it's it it's running successfully. You quit your job. You do this now. You work 20, 30 hours a week, whatever. This is entirely replace your income. You make either the same amount as money as you do now or substantially more, working way less. Then somebody comes up to you and makes this offer to you. They say, "I'll come up with a new headline to put on your landing page. If changing this headline results in you getting another $5,000 client, I want the $5,000 for the first 3 months. So, I get $15,000. Then, because your clients normally stay for about 10 months, you'll make all the money from months 4 to 10. So, you get $30,000. You make twice as much as me. And then they go, "Wait, how could you say no to this deal? You wouldn't have got the client without me. You're making $30,000. I'm making $15,000. You're making twice as much as me." And then a tirade into whatever manipulative [ __ ] sales trickery this person wants to pull. While this argument they're making might theoretically be correct, why do you and I still want to tell this guy to go [ __ ] himself? Because of the imbalance of work, it's not about how much money he's making. It's that your workload in comparison to his workload is wildly skewed. You are doing legitimately 1,000 times more work than he is. All he's doing is coming up with a headline. He's doing [ __ ] all nothing, right? we don't feel like he deserves any money at all for doing so little. This is how the clients you're pitching feel too. So, in order to counteract this, we need to do what I call deliverable stacking, right? So, this is where you lay out the astronomical [ __ ] ton of [ __ ] you do for a client as a part of your offer. So, instead of saying, "I'll run your ads and get leads for you." And when you say that, they think all this guy is doing is running ads. Oh, wow. So much work. And I have to service this whole client by myself. and the client thinks you're [ __ ] them, right? Okay, so you say this instead. I'll guarantee you 30 qualified showed up sales calls per month by building all of this for you. Script out 45 different unique ads that all hit different messaging buckets. Develop and script out landing pages that are congruent with each of these messaging buckets. Create 15 email optin sequences that re-engages leads that have not booked a call. Set up text sequences and call scripts for your setters to engage all the optin. Set up application call routing so that your best closers only talk to the most qualified prospects. Create a thank you page that answers all the most common questions that stop people from showing up to calls. Create pre-call sequences that induce excitement and invoke fear of missing out. Psychological tactics that increase show up rates and close rates. Create post call sales assets your sales team can use to send to the leads. Run all your ads for you and do all the media buying. Set up retargeting ads, retargeting ad funnels to re-engage all previously lost leads. Reactivate them. Script and write out three email broadcasts for your email newsletter per week. That's CTA to booking a call. This is the kind of offer that you get paid $5,000 per month plus 10% revenue share for. Why? Because it's a [ __ ] ton of stuff to do, right? and the client feels like you deserve that much money for doing that much [ __ ] Except you're using AI to do 90% of it nowadays. You get what I'm saying? Now, you're not sitting here and advertising to the client that you're going to be using AI to do 90% of it. That is none of their business. But this is literally what I do. And I use AI to make all of this for me. I literally [ __ ] use AI to do all of this. I do not do this manually. It takes too much time. Like way too much time. Legitimately take me like a 100 hours to do that [ __ ] before. Like 3 years ago. It's too much. Now, it takes me like four to 10. I literally used AI to write a 15 email opt-in sequence three weeks ago. And that sequence so far is single-handedly attributable to over $80,000 in sales in just the last 3 weeks. AI wrote it. I just quality check it. That would have taken me like [ __ ] 10 to 20 hours of actual labor and research to do it before. It's too much. You know what I'm saying? Like AI just does it all for you now. Okay. So, quick recap on the steps on how to sell $5,000 packages as a complete beginner with no experience or case studies. This is important. This is not [ __ ] This is actually what you do. This is actually what works, right? This is why I have so many people getting results inside of AI assisted agency and client ascension. Like this is why because they do this. You position yourself around ROI and you make it clear that your offer makes them money. Then you sell the concept of the thing. So you demonstrate the logic as to why your thing is capable of getting results. And then you do deliverable stacking where you explain how much stuff you're doing for them that make them feel like you deserve $5,000 for doing all that. It's super important. Okay. So part three is the exact steps that you need to take to sign your first client in the next 30 days for your AI assisted agency. That's literally what you do, right? So in order to proceed forward, we need to have all the following nailed down. You need to have chosen a business model to run. You've come up with the front-end cold traffic offer to run with. You've figured out and played with AI enough to know how to do the client fulfillment work. You've made your VSSL or sales script following what I said and you've stacked all your deliverables, right? Okay. So now you need to actually go get clients. So this requires knowing who you're actually outreaching to. If you're a beginner, you should not pick a niche, right? You should be selecting any client that has their own client lifetime value of $15,000 or more and then using AI to create absolutely massive list of completely obscure niches that never get targeted by other marketing agencies ever. I have a list of like 500 of these wildly obscure niches that literally nobody targets ever. Right? This is exactly what I show my students how to do and how to automate it with AI. This is literally why like for instance, let me show you these. We got Tion here. Daniel, that's absolutely insane. Watch the video training on on those niches. picks five random ones and it spit out [ __ ] waterproofing or some [ __ ] I don't even know what this is. Did semi-dream 100 outreach to to five prospects. Got one positive reply already. Thanks, brother. And I was like, "Lao, that's awesome." This was on Wednesday, October 8th. And then on Saturday, he goes, "Want to let you know, first sales call is booked for tomorrow. Let's [ __ ] go." And then he closed him on Sunday. Okay, so from first outreach messages on Wednesday to closing the client on Sunday. This is what I'm trying to get at. You're selling this to like wildly obscure niches because they've just never been pitched this [ __ ] before. So like it works at insanely high rate. You should not be selecting a niche because by selecting a niche and trying to position yourself around only doing work for one niche, you are literally implying to people in that niche that I work with people in this niche, which you don't because you never have. And by doing this, it literally incites them to ask for case studies of people in that niche, which you don't have. So, simply don't do that and this won't happen. You will just end up hopping niches 15 times anyway. The first type of client you work with is not the type of client you're going to work with forever. Stay broad in the beginning. You have no niche. You just keep your offer broad and outreach to all sorts of obscure ass niches. These are the three ways that you sign clients. There are only three ways to sign clients at all in existence. It's outreach, content, and ad. So, let's compare these. Outreach is no or low money required to actually do it. However, it's a high amount of effort, but it's fast, but it only scales linearly. It stops when you stop. Content is no or low money. It's high effort, but it's slow, but it scales infinitely. You progressively get more and more leverage as you get more reach on your content. Ads are high amount of money, medium amount of effort. work really fast and they only scale linearly. But because we're operating under the assumption that you have low money, so we're going to use our time. You right now probably don't have like a ton of capital to invest, but you have a lot of time to invest. I don't want to say a lot of time, you just have more time than you do money. We're going to split this into three phases of business growth for you. And the first is that your first two to three clients are going to be from Dream 100 outreach. Now, the next two to three clients are going to be from automated cold email. And then when you're at $15,000 per month in profit, you're going to use paid ads. All right? So, we're going to talk about Dream 100 and cold email. So dream 100, this is where we do direct DM outreach to prospects and give them a free deliverable in order to showcase our expertise. So we're going to pair this with a direct offer that we made earlier. So just imagine like when I say free deliverable, imagine like your offer is around like email marketing for instance, you're literally giving them like a deliverable of a [ __ ] ton of emails already scripted out for them. Now why is this easy to do? Because you just use AI to automate it. You get what I'm saying? It just AI could just make it in literally like [ __ ] 30 seconds. You just take hours to create this. Now AI just does it in 30 [ __ ] seconds. First off, here's an automation that automatically researches your prospect and then does the dream 100 outreach for you. We literally give this to our students. We combine this with an AI model that's trained on already created deliverables. So, it takes the information of the prospect you feed it and then creates the deliverables that are high enough quality to pass as being created manually. So, like I'm talking like 20 to 30 plays plus deliverables created instantly. It makes it seem like you've spent hours on it, but it took you only a couple minutes. So, this means your call booking rates are sometimes as high as like [ __ ] 20 to 60% for each one you send. It's like completely insane, especially when you pair it without reaching to like wildly obscure niches like I showed you earlier. Now, after you sign your first two, three clients, then you start doing automated cold email. You're just going to send like 5,000 or more emails per day. So, this is when you take a bunch of domains and then you put inboxes under those domains and then you distribute this [ __ ] ton of sending volume among all these domains. So, this is way cheaper than ads to start. And when you run out of market with cold email, then we switch you to paid ads. So, we set this up for you. Like, we literally just create this whole thing for our students. So, you don't really need to know any of the technical stuff behind it. Part four, figuring it all out in 30 days. So, here's all the questions you probably still have. How do I get access to these pre-trained AIs? How do I even build the automations? What are the exact deliverables I should give in each offer? What are all the offers I should promote? Who should I sell them to? How do I package my offer and product? How much do I charge? How do I get the clients? How do I conduct the sales process if I'm just a beginner or getting started? How do I see examples of exactly what to do for a client? As of right now, our new offer is live and we've been working on it for the last eight months. So, this new program will teach you how to make an AI assisted agency and sell 3 to 10K a month clients where AI does 90% of the work for you or 80% plus gross profit margins. So, here's just a sneak peek of everything that is included in this offer. Completely built out courses and coaching to run all the best AI assisted business models. Pre-trained AIs that are capable of executing all the client fulfillment work for all deliverables of each of those business models. Pre-made offer packaging, pricing, and deliverables for each business model. Pre-built websites and contract templates for each offer. Pre-made sales decks for each offer. licensing access to all the AI tools you need in order to fulfill for the clients in the first place already pre-built for you. One-on-one coaching, group coaching, and private group access, a donefor you cold email system built out so you can immediately start booking calls and dream 100 automations to spit out dozens of deliverables automatically. If you want to build a profitable AI business in the next 30 days, click the first link in the description down below and go through that funnel to book a call with us. This software is absolutely [ __ ] amazing. It's one of the best thing that's ever been created. You can do this. AI assisted agency is like single-handedly literal best AI opportunity that you can start right now. So, if you're interested, go click the first link in the description. And if you like the video, leave a comment, subscribe, like it, whatever. All right, that's it for me. Peace.