TITLE: Building a One Person Online Business with AI in 2026 | Part 1: What to Sell
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdJofKU0O2o
VIEWS: 6034 | DURATION: 00:37:49
DATE: 2026-02-05T18:00:28.000Z
================================================================================

We're going to talk about how you can make a oneperson profitable online business in 2026, which obviously means that you don't need to hire a bunch of people. You can have profoundly higher profit margins. And this is going to be a three-part series that I'm going to release over time. So, if you want to make sure that you get access to the next one, subscribe, do the bell notification, whatever. Like the video to increase the probability it shows up on your YouTube feed in the future. If you're a beginner watching this, I recommend in conjunction with this video, you just go to my channel and watch like 10 to 20 videos. Now, my name is Daniel Fazio. I run two companies. List kit. Client Ascension. List a software company. Client Ascension is a coaching/ consulting company. Right now, as I'm filming this, we do anywhere from 1.2 to 1.4 million per month. It's not a solo business. We have a lot of people working for us. But at one point in time and throughout my life, when I first started, I had solo businesses that were in fact extremely profitable. And I theoretically could have just kept doing that. I decided I wanted to build something bigger, which is probably what you'll decide in the future as well. But for now, how do we get you started with having something that you can actually scale and not need to hire a bunch of people and manage doing all of that? That's exactly what this series is going to cover. Which means we need to establish three things. First, what you're going to sell. Two, how you'll get customers. And three, how to fulfill the services with AI all while doing this yourself without needing to hire anybody else. Now, what you literally mean when you say that you want a oneperson online business, what you're saying, what you're actually saying is that you want a low amount of headache and you want a high amount of profit, which is good. The entire purpose of making a business is to make the highest amount of profit for you to personally take home as is possible. Let's not get that confused. And by the way, before we continue, one is video one, part one of the series. Two is going to be video two, part two of the series. And then three over here is going to be part three of the series. So, if you want to make sure you get access to two and three, subscribe, do all that. Let's continue. Okay, so there are two ways to get things done. You either have labor or two, automation/ AI. Now, because you're the only one in the business, the solo founder, what that means is that there's a constrained amount of labor. So, we're going to need to heavily overindex on automation in AI, which is what exactly what I'm going to be teaching you. Let's get started with the series and start diving into the section of what you're going to sell. Now, there are four types of things that you can sell on the planet, and we're going to list them out. First is physical products. I'm sure you know what that means. You buy something from Amazon, whatever. It's a literal physical product. Two is a digital product, which could be something like a course, an ebook. That could be a digital product. Then you have physical services. So that would be like you get your lawn mode, you get a massage, you go to a chiropractor. That's a physical service. And then you have a digital service, which is something like a marketing agency, where it's like you do something for somebody, but it's rendered over the internet, which means it doesn't require your physical presence. And then there's three different offer forms that you could sell online and I'm going to list those out. So first is do it yourself. Do it yourself is when you sell something to somebody and it's literally like telling them you will do this yourself. So that would be something like a course where it's like say you know how to play the piano or you're going to teach somebody certain business model. That's selling a course on how to do that. Do it yourself. You see what I mean? Or you sold them an ebook. You do the work. I give you the info. You do the work. And then you have done with you. So that's something like coaching or consulting. Say you're an expert in something and somebody wants you to look at their specific situation and give them personalized recommendations to them. That's what a done with you service is. That's what like consulting calls are. That's what like coaching programs are. And then we have done for you, right? So done for you, DFY is when you do the service for somebody. So like going back over here to digital services, that's what DFY would be. It means that you're doing the thing for somebody. So, say for instance, there's some e-commerce brand and you go to them and you say, "Hey, I can design and write the copy for your emails and send them to your list and I can do that completely done for you." Now, some person could say, "Hey, I teach you how to do that. I'm an expert at that. I can teach you how to do this in my done with you program and I can consult with you on how to build the flows." Then a DIY, a do-it-yourself person could say, "Hey, I have a course on how to do this. You can buy the course." You get what I'm saying by this? You could sell the same thing but just delivered in a different form. Now, you could categorize humans into two categories. You have pretty much two types of humans that you will possibly sell your stuff to. You have a I want to do it myself guy. I'm a I want to do it myself guy. If I know I need to run ads for my business, I want to figure out how to run the ads. If I need anything done, like I want to know how to do it myself. I tend to like doing things myself. Dude, even like having my house cleaned, like I don't like people on my house like people like do [ __ ] I generally tend to like doing things myself in all regards. I'm just that kind of person. And then you have I want it done for me. This is the kind of person who buys done for you services. They want things done for them. They don't care to know how to do it themselves. It doesn't really stress them out that they don't know how to do something. These are just two distinct kinds of people. What I found over time is that the overlap between these two people, it's very thin. like you really don't see somebody going to the other side only like in specific circumstances. What's interesting to note about this practically, you might think, say that you were making content online about like how to do your thing, you think what's going to happen is you're saying in your head, "Oh, well, if I teach everyone how to do it, they'll just go do it themselves." What you're not realizing is that these people who you sell done for you services to literally will never do this. They just won't do it. They don't switch off of being that kind of person. It doesn't matter what you show them or what you give them, they still want you to do it for them. They literally will not move to group one. So the kind of person who wants to understand things themselves, they buy done with you and do it yourself. So I tend to buy coaching, consulting, courses cuz I want to know how to do it. And then the other category of person buys this. I'm over one and two and these people are three. And you rarely switch to a different kind of person. And then if we go back to the different types of offers again, we can put them basically in a triangle. So we have over here done for you and then we have done with you and then we have do it yourself. The reason why I made it specifically a triangle is that the area under each of these sections gets bigger as you go down. So like there exists more people who will buy do-it-yourself and there exists less people who will buy done with you in comparison to do it yourself and there exists less people who will buy done with you in comparison to done for you. And then price as you go up the pyramid also goes up. And you have to imagine this is to compensate for the lower volume of people. Basically, that's what it is. We're going to talk about this in a second. I'll come back to it about like authority levels and whatnot. We're going to get into that. But what you just need to understand is that you can charge more money for done for you. You can charge less money than the done for you for done with you and then less money for the do-it-yourself. Like a course is always normally less expensive than a coaching program and a done for you service is always normally way more expensive than the other two. You get what I'm saying? Now that I've walked through a lot of this stuff, you might believe that I'm leading you and saying you to like, hey, you should sell a done with you or a do-it-yourself, which is not what I'm saying. Let me give you a side tangent really quick. The point I'm going to try to convey to you is that your level of authority dictates what you can sell. The lower you go on this pyramid, the more authority you need to successfully make a sale. I'll explain that in just a second, but I want to give you a side tangent. So my brother has a very unique ability on how to play the piano. Like he can hear a song first time ever and immediately play it back on a piano. He can compose songs immediately just completely out of the ether. He's pitch perfect. He can hear a sound and know what note it is. He's profoundly musically inclined. I have told him on numerous occasions what he needs to do is start making videos on Tik Tok, Instagram reels of him just playing the piano, doing whatever piano [ __ ] I've expressed to him multiple times if you just sell a course on how to play the piano or you sell a coaching program on how to play the piano or you sell lessons on how to play the piano and you're just getting some amount of views and people see like your ability to play the piano, people will buy this and you will make like $30,000 a month pretty easily. And for some very odd reason, he has refused to do this. And I don't know why. I don't know what the reasoning is, but what I'm trying to convey to you is that my brother has an extremely high level of authority surrounding his skills at a piano. He's just a very skilled pianist, better than 99.99% of the entire planet. So, he's at the upper top echelon of piano ability ever. So, what does that mean? It means that since his authority is very high on it, he can sell this. People would buy this from him. They would buy do-it-yourself a course from him. they would buy coaching for him. If you are a beginner and you just like started learning about lead generation or cold email a week ago and then you go try to sell a course on cold email, nobody's going to buy the [ __ ] from you. Or if you go try to sell a coaching program on cold email, nobody's going to buy the [ __ ] from you because you have no authority in the space. You aren't skilled at it. You can't demonstrate to people you're skill at it. You have no case studies. You have no social proof. there's no way for you to convey authority in any capacity in that regard. Therefore, with that said, the conclusion I'm leading you to that as a beginner, I'm assuming you have zero skill in any capacity, like you're just some guy. You just want a scalable business. What you need to sell is a done for you digitally rendered service. You have to imagine the combinations of what I just said here. A donefor you digitally rendered service does not require your physical presence. It does not require you to have a high level of authority or social proof and you can charge a lot of money. Does that make sense? That is the exact perfect combination of things that you specifically want. Therefore, that is what you should do. There's one more requirement that I didn't mention the amount of time it takes to conduct the actual fulfillment for the clients. cuz what you're thinking right now is like done for you means I need to do a bunch of work to which then I need to convey to you that we need to use AI to automate as much of this as we possibly can. In some previous videos I've made I've talked about contingency systems and orchestration. I'm going to give you a quick side lesson tangent if you haven't seen these real quick because you've heard me mention a couple times. There are two links in the description. There's the AI assisted agency program and the AI business challenge. First look in the description. Basically everything we're talking about here. what to sell, who to sell it to, how to get clients, how to fulfill the actual service with AI. We show you how to do that inside of the AI assisted agency program, which is the first link in the description. Now, the second one is an AI business challenge, which is like $97 or something. It's us 4 days live teaching you a lot of the stuff we're talking about now, what to sell, who to sell it to, how to get clients, different AI tools and applications of it, prompts, guides, systems, and how to apply that to actually build a successful AI assisted agency. That is the second link in the description. The next one we're doing, I believe, is the first week of March. If you're watching this video after that, it'll take you to a weight list page instead. But right now, it is open at the time of this filming, so you can check that out. Again, I think it's $97. It's possible it could change, but if you want to check it out, that's a second link in the description for the AI business challenge. All right, let's keep going. Let's say you're selling some done for you service, right? All services with the fulfillment of literally anything at all. It's always looks like a manufacturing facility. So, I'm going to exemplify this to you really quickly. Stick with me here. This is very important for you to understand. This is going to unlock something in your head. When you're either fulfilling something for a client or you're literally doing anything at all, a system in a company whatsoever. It always works on a system of contingencies. So you have box one, box two, box three, box four, and box five. Okay? The input of box two is the completion of box one. Box two is contingent upon the completion of box one. And then box three is contingent upon the completion of box two. Such is the nature for literally everything. I'm just going to give you an example service that we're talking about. If you don't know exactly what I'm talking about, just stick with me. As an example service, let's say you're sending cold emails for a client. Step one of this service, getting domains. You have to register domains to send emails from. And then you have to register inboxes under those domains. And then you have to build lead lists for the target market you're sending cold emails to. And then you have to write scripts. And then you have to send the emails. You get what I'm saying? You can't register the inboxes before you've got the domains. And you can't build the leads list before you've done the inboxes. And you can't write the scripts before you have the lead list and who you're sending to. And you can't send the emails before you have the scripts. Everything's contingent upon one another. Going back to this idea of it's only you in this business. Obviously, you want to minimize the amount of manual labor that is required for you. We're going to delineate each box between an M or an A. M means manual. A means automated. If this is manual, if this is manual, if this is manual, if this is manual, and if this is manual, that's a huge problem because it requires you to do something. We don't want you needing to do something all the time. We need to switch these to be as many of them to an A as possible. Let's say the domains and inboxes are super fast. So like that just stays an M and M. What if we just used AI to build a bunch of leads list? Okay, cool. That's A. And then what if we used AI to write a bunch of scripts? Cool. That's A. And then what if we just automated sending the emails? Okay, cool. That's an A. And then there's other boxes here where it's like inbox management. Like what if we turn that into an A? What's happened here is that because these other ones over here are a [ __ ] ton of work, what you've actually done is that you've cut your workload, your labor, you've cut it down by like 85% by utilizing AI or automation. If you're trying to run a solo business and make a lot of money with such solo business, what you need to do in your digitally rendered service is take as many of these boxes and turn them into an automated or AI implemented step as is conceivably possible and reduce the amount of labor that you personally are responsible for conducting. Get what I mean by this? That's like the objective here. With that said, we need offers that a [ __ ] ton of it can be conducted via AI or automation. We can't be selling a service where a lot of it is manual labor or it can't yet be automated with the capabilities of just technology that we possess as humans. We need them to be able to be automated. Okay, so with that said, we know that AI is very good at text generation specifically. AI voice really isn't there yet. AI video really isn't there yet for like the kind of things that you would actually need. But we know that AI text generation is completely [ __ ] cracked right now. like it's it's very good. You can do a lot. I personally do a lot with that. With that said, what are the business models or the offers that we can sell that are primarily textbased that we can utilize AI to the maximum capacity for? And I have identified five of these. And this is literally why inside of my program, the AI assisted agency that I sell, these are the business models that we teach people. Why? because they can be automated with AI successfully to a good enough degree to where the fulfillment work is good. The stuff you give to the client is good while doing it mostly with AI. So, I'm going to list them out here. So, one, cold email lead generation. This is where you send cold emails on behalf of clients to book them sales calls. Normally, you get paid like this. The amount of sales calls you book for the client. The normal pricing mechanism for this is something like $500 a month tech fee. And that's to cover the hard cost of the domains, inboxes, leads, and then you get paid per call you book for them. So, say you book five calls for them this week. You're charging $200 a call. Therefore, you are making $1,000. That is the standard way of pricing for this service. If me saying $200 a call is unbelievable to you, that's because you've never spoken to a B2B business before and don't understand that what they're selling is $10,000, $15,000. Therefore, that cost per call makes sense for them. And that's actually very cheap. Now, ads/funnels. What is this? writing ads, building and writing funnels and running ads for a client in order to get them sales calls booked or make them direct sales of their product, book appointments for them, book consultations for them, depending on what the business is. At low levels of this type of offer, like normally what people are charging is like $2,000 a month plus the ad spend that the client has to spend. And at high levels of this, what happens is when you're very very good at ads and funnels, normally you're going to want to be doing this on like a net revenue share. You can really scale ads and funnels if you become very good at it. You can make companies hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars a month. We spend like many thousands per day on ads personally. That obviously makes hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars. Now, if you obtain that skill, you're able to get percentages of this net revenue increase that you're able to execute for clients. That's normally when you see people who run an agency and they talk about how they make like $10,000, $20,000 a month for a client. It's normally that's what they're selling is ads and funnels. Normally for a beginner I recommend cold email lead generation instead of ads and funnels. Ads and funnels is this complicated and requires a lot of skills. However, if you do have the ability to learn the skills quickly, you will make a profound amount of money. Next is content marketing. This is writing video scripts. This is ghost writing. So you could be like ghostwriting somebody's LinkedIn post, ghost writing somebody's Twitter post. There's this thing going around on Twitter right now or obvious it's called X now, but it's like long form articles are absolutely annihilating. There can be you're writing YouTube scripts for them. that kind of stuff. Planning out content for people to help them drive more traffic to their sales pages, to their call booking pages. You help them grow their business in that fashion by getting traffic via content. Then we have ecom email. This is when you go to e-commerce brands and you offer to write and design and send and build flows for their email campaigns. There's all sorts of different kinds of triggers that you can base flows off of. Whether someone abandoned a cart, whether someone was browsing something and they left, whether somebody bought something, you try to upsell them, whether somebody put their email in for a discount. And then you have the list and you send the broadcast emails to the list. It's all that sorts of stuff. Fundamentally, you're just sending emails for an e-commerce brand in order to drive them more sales of their products. That's all you're doing. And then you have an AI automation agency. You build specific AI workflows or builds that are customized for a business. So like one example of this might be like, hey, we build a bunch of AI workflows that make your accounts receivable and notifications for payment reminders. Random stuff like this. You're just building AI automations for companies. Okay. yourself again like why these five specifically and the answer is because what you are delivering to the client fundamentally is text and compute and compute is obviously automated okay so what do I mean by compute say you build an automation for a client and it's built on naden or zapier and like it just works like that's compute you have an account on your zap year or your nadn you've built an automation on that effectively what you're doing is like reselling compute but however you just augmented the compute with your knowledge to make it exist in the first place you get what I'm saying so therefore Your knowledge is what allowed you to have the ability to even like create the system at all. And therefore, that's what allows you the opportunity to upsell the compute. All business is information arbitrage. Like me saying something to you, Daniel, well, if I just know how to build this and like it only cost me like $4 a month to host this compute for a client, but I'm reselling it to them for $2,000 a month. That $2,000 a month is some of my consulting, my time. Like, isn't that like unethical? It's like, no, that's literally like what a business is. You don't sell stuff based off of what it costs you to produce it or provide it. You sell stuff based off of the value it provides to the person who's purchasing it. If this company previously had like three different people manually chasing their accounts receivable and none of their clients were paying and then you build them an AI automation where they don't have to spend $12,000 a month on payroll. And the AI automation makes it so that they're able to collect more of the invoices so they make more money. the value of what you're providing is in excess of like 20, 30, $40,000 a month. It's not unethical. If you think like that, you need to like annihilate that way of thinking from your psyche and never allow it to enter ever again. I'm just going to walk through an example here. I'll just use like an ads or funnels agency. Create a funnel which would be comprised of a design, b structure, and c deployment onto like a hosting thing like clickfunnels or go high level framer web flow. Design can be easily done with AI. Okay. Structure automated easily. deployment can be done automated or manual. If you're using Click Funnels or something, you probably have to manually build it, right? But then you can turn it into a template and then that just augments the manual labor to be like significantly more efficient. So most of this is automated. If I go to the next one, write a sales page. That's text generation. You can train AI. You just provided examples of good ones that can be automated easy. VSSL script that can be automated like easily with AI, I'm saying. And then we have recording VSSL. That's not automated right now at least. That would need to be manual either through the client or you. But that takes like no time at all. That's one of the downsides. That's why you can't automate an entire business. You can automate substantial amount of it. 60 70 80% of it. Some things just are still manual. If we say like ads for instance, like again we'll do the same practice of it's like okay you need the scripts, you need the filming and then you need the editing. So like scripts easily automated filming again manual editing is kind of like half and half. There's like AI editors. It's not going to do like some crazy stuff but it cuts out all the blank space which is sufficient enough. You don't need like turbo hyper editing to get results. Like my videos are not hyperedit. It's really just removing the blank space and that's the extent of the editing really at all. That's half automated, half manual. So then we have opt-in email flows that's easily automated. Pre-all emails easily automated marketing tech automations. The actual construction of the automations can literally actually be done. It can, but I generally like to do it myself manually. But then the running of the automations is obviously automated. And then like running the ads, like the literal media buying is so optimized by AI now that it might as well just be considered automated. It's like slight manual, but it might as well just be entirely automated. If we go and look at all this, like fundamentally, again, all of this is basically just text generation. And if everything is text generation, that means like we're heavily indexing on AI. I want you to imagine like early 2025 AI was really not good enough to do a lot of this. Like it couldn't design, it couldn't like build a good structure. It couldn't deploy cuz like there were no integrations with everything. Its copy was dog [ __ ] So it couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. It couldn't do this. Everything I just checked AI was not good enough to do even as early as early 2025. But now, as I'm filming this in early 2026, all of this is capable of being done through AI at a high enough level for it to be sufficiently good to sell it to clients. And I know that is the case because I actively do this on my own funnels. And everything I do, I teach to my students. Like all of the prompts, all of the systems, literally everything, I walk them through it and it works. They get results. Their clients get results. I get results. AI is sufficient in order to do all of this. This is very new of a thing. It's going to take years for people to like really understand how good this is. So, I've been like marketing and doing this stuff for a really long time. Since 2018, 2019, I used to do this manually. Everything with an A I have done and used to do manually. All of this stuff right here would legitimately take me like a 100 hours. This is like multiple weeks of work. I now do this regularly for like 10 hours, 15 hours, like substantially less. Literally 90% cut down on labor that is required from me. It is like really profound. The last thing we need to talk about is guarantees and risk reversals. What you're selling is an offer. What we talked about up here, these are like business models. These are like services. You're selling a cold email lead generation service, but that's not an offer. You can't go up to a client and be like, "Hey, do you want to buy cold email from me?" That's not an offer. An offer is what the client gets. People don't buy the service. People don't buy services. They buy the end result of the service. If you run a landscaping business, people don't buy you with the lawn mower. Like, they buy grass that's cut. If you run a massage business, people don't buy you [ __ ] doing whatever to their back. like they buy the feeling that their back feels better. You get what I'm saying? People buy the end result. Such is also the nature of a digitally rendered service. Why would a client buy cold email from you? Do they buy it so they get like brand exposure or like do they buy it so they get domains or inboxes or no? No. They buy it so they get sales calls, clients, leads. It's the end result. That's what they want. If they didn't get sales calls or clients or leads from cold email, there would be no purpose of purchasing that from you. The reasoning why we're talking about guarantees and risk reversals is again because as we spoke about earlier, you have very very low levels of authority when you start. You might look at me right now as a figure of authority. And the reasoning why is because you probably see there's a bunch of social proof on my YouTube channel over 30K subs. You know that I run List Kit and Client Ascension. You know that we make between 1.2.4 million a month. If you followed me for a while, you probably have a parasocial relationship with me. Maybe you've watched a bunch of my case studies. Maybe you've bought some of my stuff before. Maybe you've come to some of like my events and like you've just consumed a lot of my stuff. You've heard somebody say something good about me. You've seen my kinds of results and you know what I've created. You assign a level of authority to me. And because of that, that increases the probability that you feel comfortable buying something from me. Right? If you don't have that, like if you're starting from dead zero, you don't have that. Giving you money is risky. If you're trying to sell a cold email service to somebody or you're trying to sell ad service or a content marketing service to a client who doesn't know you or like you or trust you yet and you don't have case studies, social proof like followers, you don't have any of that, they don't feel comfortable giving you money, it's scary to them. Like the probability that you could just run away with the money is really high if you don't have these signals of authority, right? That's why as a beginner the single best way to just get a lot of clients really really fast is by removing that risk from the client. Now how do we do that? We need to take the risk and how do we eliminate the risk? And the answer is through using a guarantee or a risk reversal. Like what is that? What does that mean? A guarantee is just considered a risk reversal. A guarantee falls under the definition of a risk reversal. So what is a risk reversal? It's when you take the risk that the client is incurring and you reverse it to be on you instead. Like let's say you started your agency. You're trying to sell your done for you service to other people. And then some random guy on the internet who has no followers, no case studies, like no social proof really at all. He comes up to you and he says, "I'll send cold emails for you. I charge $3,000 for cold email. I'll send 10,000 for you. I'll send 10,000 cold emails for you. I charge $3,000 a month." And then you have another guy with the same amount of zero authority. He also doesn't have case studies, whatever. And then he says, hey, I charge $200 per call booked. Who do you pick? And you ask him, well, how many emails are you sending? And that guy says like, oh, I normally send about 10,000. It's still 10,000 cent, but this guy charges per callbook. This guy charges you $3,000 upfront. Who do you pick? The answer is obviously you pick two. Assume two doesn't exist. And then another guy comes up and says, "Hey, I also charge $3,000 for cold email. I also send 10,000 but then I have a guarantee if you don't book 10 sales calls at least I'll give you a refund for the difference of the calls I didn't book for you. Are you picking one of three? And the answer obviously is three. So what I'm trying to convey here and the reason why I want you to think of it from your perspective of somebody pitching you is because you need to understand that the people you're trying to sell your services to are also humans who are also trying to optimize their situation and aren't idiots. There's this saying from this famous copywriter. He says the prospect isn't an idiot. She's your mother. And what he's trying to convey there is that you need to stop treating people like they're dumb and don't understand what's going on. Obviously, they feel like if you don't have any level of authority that there's a high probability you lose their money. You get what I'm saying? When I'm saying this to you, what's going to happen are two of the following situations. So, you're going to see somebody else online somewhere, whether it's Twitter, LinkedIn, another YouTube video, and it's going to be somebody else who has a perceived high level of authority like me, or possibly even higher, maybe lower, but somebody else who you think has a level of authority is going to say something along the lines of don't use guarantees and don't promise results ever. What you need to understand when they say that is that advice is not applying to you because you're a beginner who has no authority. When they say that, they're speaking to people who also have authority because their target market is exclusively people who have authority. So, you need to not get confused and think that that advice applies to you. Because if you have zero levels of authority and you try to sell this offer with zero guarantee, unless you are a profoundly slick salesman, it is very, very improbable that somebody's going to buy that from you because again, you have no authority. Now, if you did have authority, you would be able to sell this. I could sell this. We sell this all day long because we have high levels of authority. But in the beginning, you don't don't fall for that advice because it's not for you. You need to work on a performance basis or use guarantees with clients in the beginning when you don't have authority. If you don't do that, you're just not going to sign any clients. Is going to take way too long to sign clients and you'll spend like years wondering like why nothing is working for you. Like you need to do this. Okay. The second situation is one time I saw a YouTube video and it was titled something like pretty interesting. It said what to say when a client asks for a guarantee. It was something along those lines. It was some younger dude who probably has never run an agency before ever in his life and he was just selling a course on how to do it. And then I watched this video and it said something along the lines of like, well, here's what you tell the prospect. Does anything in life have a guarantee? And it's like, okay, now this is just another version of you treating the prospect like an idiot. You managed to get a prospect on a sales call. You have zero case study, zero authority, and you tell this person, does anything in life have a guarantee? And it's like you think they're like an idiot. I would never ever in my life buy this from you if you have zero case study, zero authority, and you're just like a brand new beginner. There's literally 0% chance. And I'm exactly the kind of prospect that you'd want to sell to. Like we have a successful business. We have B2B offers. We have expensive B2B offers. You would want to sell this to me. I'm like the ideal customer. There's nothing you can do with this offer that would make me buy it. Zero. It's completely impossible. Stop treating them like an idiot. Okay? And like another thing you need to understand is that when I'm talking about guarantees and risk reversals, what you're thinking, it's like what you use on a sales call. It's like, no, no. You need to use it on the front end in your messaging on the headline of your website because the purpose of a guarantee or a risk reversal is to get the call booked in the first place. If you're going to have a guarantee and you're going to have a risk reversal, you need to use it on the front end. You need to advertise it on the front end. For instance, with my AI assisted agency program, first link in the description, by the way, you should check it out. That has a 60-day money back guarantee. I advertise that. like I don't hide it on a sales call. If we advertise that, it gets more people interested to actually take a look at it. You're also thinking, well, Daniel, if I use a risk reversal, people will ask for unjustified refunds and try to scam me, which is true, which is why you need to use what are called stipulations, which stipulations are are requirements to be eligible for the guarantee in the first place. Let's say, for instance, that you told a client, hey, I'm guaranteeing you book 10 sales calls. And then part of this arrangement was that they needed to do like the inbox management. They get a positive response from your cold emails and then they need to do the inbox management. Like they need to like actually propose a time to the person who said they're interested and then book the call on the calendar like put it in there. Like you get your client, I don't know, 70 positive responses and they have responded to zero of these positive responses to try to book them on a call. That would be an example of a stipulation you put in the contract that would make them ineligible for the guarantee. Why? because your client acted in bad faith and didn't do what was required to get the result in the first place. You're going to book exactly zero sales calls if you don't respond to your leads. Like, duh. Stuff like this is what you put as stipulations in a contract to be eligible for the guarantee at all. And this is just to defend against people who are attempting to defraud you. If you have stipulations, you will block 90 something% of refund requests. Like, you're not putting unreasonable stipulations. The reasoning why you're going to block 90% of refund requests is because 90% of refund requests are fraudulent in the first place. They just are. It's just completely like wrong. My money back guarantee on AI assisted agency just requires that you watch the content, you send out Reese messages, you show up to calls, you actually publish the VSSL and the website we show you how to make. There's some other stuff in there, but it's reasonable. It's reasonable stipulations that you need to hit in order to claim access to the guarantee. You get what I'm saying? If you don't do that, then duh, it's impossible for you to get results or be satisfied with the product. So, if you don't do that, then no, I'm not giving you a refund. Such is also the nature of how you need to operate guarantees. You get what I'm saying? Okay, you sign a client. How do we build authority as soon as possible? Let me give you a story. My first business I ran was an Instagram growth agency. I had a $97 a month package and $147 a month package. I used the follow unfollow method to get my clients followers. This required that they would give me their Instagram password. To give a stranger on the internet one, not only money, but the password to your Instagram account is like insane. Like what? You're specifically instructed to never do that under any circumstance. Like literally like the definition of what you're not supposed to do. It was very risky to engage my service, not only monetarily, but dude, what? Like you gave this random guy on the internet your Instagram password? Are you insane? Are you a psycho? I needed to make sure that I reduced the perceived amount of risk as possible, I knew before I even attempted to sell this to strangers or cold traffic. Cold traffic is just another word for strangers, right? I found five people and did it for them for free for like 3 to four months. So, we started off, I got a screenshot of their Instagram page, amount of followers we started with, and then for 3 4 months I worked for them for free, $0, in order to get the after screenshot. And only after that 3 to 4 months was I going and trying to sell it as a fullpriced offer to strangers to cold traffic. One of those people I knew and then another one of those people is someone that they knew cuz that's a really risky thing. And then I leveraged those two people to vouch for me to get three more people who were strangers to do it for free. Not only did I need to do it for free for somebody I knew, but then I also needed to use the vouching from those people to get more strangers to do it for free. You don't need to do it for free. I actually don't recommend you ever work for free right now. It should always at least be on a performance basis where you're going to get paid for a result. That's zero downside risk to them. So, it's effectively the same thing. This specific instance was unique because I needed their Instagram password. So, it was like super risky to do that, right? Then I had those five people who I did it for for 3 4 months and I had the before and after screenshots posted on my landing page and I specifically said on there, if you're considering doing the service, you are allowed to contact these people. Now, what I did for those five people who I had it for, I made another arrangement with them, which was that I'll continue to do this for you for free forever so long as you vouch for me when people contact you. And they all agreed to this. This was all a good deal to them cuz they're getting a bunch of free. All they need to do is say like, "Yes, this is legit." That's how I grew that business because I was very diligent and adamant about reducing risk. More importantly, I was more adamant about increasing my authority. So my authority level increased by a one having the screenshots which were case studies. It was just proof that was it. That's how that works. That's how you build authority as fast as possible. You sign a client on a performance basis. However, you make it expected of them in the arrangement that the reason why I'm not charging you anything upfront is because you're agreeing to let me use your numbers as a case study and you are agreeing to vouch for me into the future in order for me to sign new clients with your case study. That's the arrangement that you make. And now by having a risk reversal where it's like you work on a performance basis in the beginning, you were able to get these case studies super fast, way faster than somebody else who was trying to just charge a bunch of money up front. You get what I'm saying? So like the speed by which you're able to have case studies built is like substantially faster. You get what I'm saying? Like so you just end up making money way way quicker in the long run. And going back to what I was speaking about earlier, the purpose of a guarantee, it allows you to say things like pay-per lead performance-based money back guarantee. When you can say these things on your website in your outreach messages, it increases your response rates and your conversion rates dramatically, which means you get more sales calls, which means you sign more clients, which means you get more case studies. Once you have case studies, you're able to sign more clients for more money upfront for higher quantities of money. way faster than somebody who isn't doing this in the long run. You get what I'm saying? When you have enough case studies, when your authority is high enough, you can remove your guarantee. You don't have to offer a money back guarantee anymore because you have enough case studies. The case study itself, the social proof itself, your authority itself is the risk reversal eventually. But right now, when you have no authority, you need to use the risk reversal. That's it for part one of this three-part series. So, if you want to see parts two and three, make sure you subscribe, put on the bell notification, like the video, cuz that'll increase the probability you see me on your YouTube feed. If you want to watch more, just go binge like 10 or 20 of my YouTube videos right now. Just go down the line. Like, I think they're all good. If you're interested, I have two links in the description of products that you should check out. So first again is AI assisted agency and that's our program where we help people whether they're current entrepreneurs, you're doing some other business model and you want a more scalable one. Maybe you're in something like remote sales, you consider yourself an entrepreneurial person. You think this whole model I explained today is feasible for you to try to do but you want super in-depth help on how to do it. Basically us telling you and giving you what to sell, who to sell it to, the client acquisition systems and everything a toz and how to fulfill for the clients utilizing AI. We do that at go.clientension.ai. That is also the first link in the description of the YouTube video. And if you're somebody who already runs a B2B offer or an info business or a coaching business or an agency business and you are above 30K a month, you should go to the second link in the description. That is our mastermind Olympia. That is where we help people like you scale with paid ads with a cold traffic offer and help you build a sales team and be able to scale that business. So check those two links in the description out. Subscribe, like the video, send this in your group chats if you have a group chat, your telegrams, your WhatsApps, your Slack, post it on your Instagram story, whatever. Tag me. All right, that's it for this one, guys. Peace. Love you. Appreciate it.