TITLE: Case Study: He Made 5 Figures with an AI Assisted Agency
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py5lozBvTUw
VIEWS: 4231 | DURATION: 00:32:03
DATE: 2025-12-04T15:00:53.000Z
================================================================================

This is a case study video with my student Cababrin. I'm in no way promising that you're going to get results like he did. The probability you get any results in your business is extremely low. Purpose of this video is to just share what is working for other people. With that said, let's get straight into it. >> Your business is not a job. Your business is an economic machine. You collected an additional $44,000 or something >> roughly about a month in. If you just kind of sit down and say, "I'm going to turn this little hyper analyzation voice off and just follow the steps," your likelihood of success is going to be so much higher and so much faster. I kicked myself for 2 years watching YouTube videos. Imagine if I joined 2 years ago where I'd be at today. >> All right, what's up everybody? I got my boy Cabrin here. He is in our program AI assisted agency. And most of the people in AI assisted agency are actually starting from zero as complete beginners. But Cababrin actually had an info agency before, which is why he was able to get results so fast. That result being that what was it like a couple weeks in? It took you like you collected an additional $44,000 or something. Is that right? >> Roughly about a month in. Yeah. >> All right. Cool. Like how we just like intro into this video cuz you just like roughly explained to people like what happened there. Like how did you do that? >> Yeah. So essentially I already came in with an agency. I had, you know, I had a couple of clients more in the information product space where they sell courses or coaching and um I was having you I had relative success to be fair with it. But one of the things that was happening was I was getting a consistent up and down where one month would be incredible, next month would be a bit unpredictable. So when I joined, one of the big things that stuck out was being able to identify markets that aren't as well tapped into, which obviously with your help I was able to find and uh and you know reach out to. So, I started just doing the same thing I did with the other clients I already had, reaching out to these kind of unidentified markets or untapped markets. And the results were just astronomical. Like they they had a higher clip of response. The people were very excited about what we had to offer. I know we joked about it. It was quite literally like we were just, you know, showing them something they've never been presented before. And it's they looked at us like we invented fire when we presented it to them. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, just just to give some additional context to everyone watching, you had an info marketing business. So you're selling to people who sell courses and coaching and whatnot. And I think something a lot of people don't realize is that that is not a giant market. There exists very little course or coaching sellers who run legitimate or successful businesses in in any capacity. And now when you couple that with people who are there's a lot of other programs that teach people as that as a bizop go sell to coaching info but like it's already not a big market. So there's like a profound amount of competition in it. So it's really hard. But what's interesting about that is the skills you acquire from being in a program like that. Like it makes you a skilled marketer. Like you understand the concept of funnels and whatnot. For everyone who might be in that position, it might seem like you like like would you have an average skill set, but when you approach a niche of like a completely obscure niche that you would not even conceive to think of at all, like literally no one would even think to target these people at all. And then you approach them with an offer around building them a funnel or marketing for them. They literally act like you invented fire. Like it's like the most profound thing ever. So like ju just to provide the context everyone of like what that strategy was and why I recommended that as a thing to do. How would those deals work? Like tell me about like like what did you say to them like if you want to reveal that like in the message and like how did the sales call go? >> You know what it was relatively easy actually. So with what you were saying, yeah, there's a small percentage of the market with my what my old agency model was that it's very like 1 to 10 percentile of people who you'd be able to successfully work with, whether that's from experience or their products. Now this market, these markets, and I can share some of them as an example like one of them was a wealth management consultant. So he helps older people with like their retirement savings or their plans. That business model was purely 80% of his business was referral-based. He had no marketing setup, no, you know, infrastructure built in for acquiring customers. So it was simply actually just an email. The response rate on email is significantly higher with these businesses because they don't get approached as often. And uh as soon as he received the email, replied back, we jumped on a phone call. In terms of service delivery, two things. Number one, very very easy to deliver these services. It was it was super simple because it's nothing groundbreaking once you start to get into, you know, the AI assistant program. And then number two, actually delivering the service became easy with the AI assistance. So all I was offering to them was just pretty much the basic services I would do with info products in my old agency. But because they have never, you know, really been presented that opportunity again, they were just amazed by it. So in terms of being able to actually contact them, talk to them and acquire them, did it a couple ways. Uh a lot of it was just emails. Uh we did a couple of co calls. Most of the times it would be email that tended to lead to a sales call. And uh then occasionally LinkedIn as well worked really well for us. So those have been like the main ways of acquiring customers. Nothing groundbreaking, nothing different from what a lot of people are doing. It's just purely approaching people who haven't been talked to before. >> I want to have a comparison of this real quick. Like how many hours were you working before like doing all this stuff manually and then like you learn how to do it with AI? How does that compare? Cuz I I know you might have like just shifted what you spend your hours doing or like I don't know like whatever kind of perspective you have on that like how it's changed so far. >> Yeah, definitely. You know, I'm not going to say I wasn't aware of AI or what it could do. I did use AI for my my work previously, but in terms of actual fulfillment and workload, I definitely wasn't utilizing it as best I could. So, for me, as an example, with a lot of the AI tools that are in the program, I was able to probably reduce a good, I'm going to say range from 15 to 20 hours of workload a week that I was originally doing manually or originally doing with AI that I thought was working well. And so, it was just really what it was is a couple things. Number one, the templates provided are phenomenal. it made a lot easier. Um, once it's set up, it's like a one and done, oneshot setup, and you know, everything's kind of automated from there with AI, which is excellent. Uh, and then the other thing is whenever I did sign a client, this is probably actually the the best thing part about this is that my original time for launch with clients was anywhere from 7 to 14 days. Now, whenever I close a client with everything, all the tools in the program, I actually tell people, hey, I can guarantee you we'll get you up and running in maximum 3 days. And that's that I never used to be able to do that before. So having these tools available has made a lot of the fulfillment a lot easier. >> Yeah, bro. I have a whole funnel I need to build out next week. I just I filmed the VSSL for it already, but that's the only piece of it I have. But it's going to be an opt-in funnel and I need to uh write all the email flows. I need to do like uh the like the abandoned application stuff. I need to do the pre-all stuff, the whole sales page. And like I know just using AI it's going to take me like I don't know maybe probably like four hours or five hours. It's like it just legitimately used to be like a two week process of like >> 40 like labor hours or like 50 labor hours like bro this sucks but it's so easy to do this now. >> Yeah. And it's so nice cuz like sometimes with that all that extra save time sometimes I'm kind of sitting there going okay well what else could I be doing? And it's nice cuz if I want to, you know, step on the gas pedal and acquire more clients, I have so much extra time now where I can go do it. Or if I just want to, you know, take a break, like last week I was in Miami for a week, I can also do that. So I have the flexibility of being able to work with it because I know I can really launch everything very fast for any clients I work with. >> Yeah, dude. Uh, one problem we have on our sales calls is we of the people who already have agencies, they're under the assumption that AI can't do what they do. It's actually really interesting. like they it's it's kind of like uh they just refuse to believe that AI can do any form of good work. The people who don't actively run agencies don't have this belief. But as somebody who obviously ran an agency before, like what would you say to those people who are thinking that cuz it's like super common. >> Here's the thing is like if you think you are a better marketer than a what AI could do or output better work than AI could do, you're pretty much challenging AI's output of understanding everything marketing wise. You're pretty much saying you're one of the best marketers that's ever existed. with AI. If you can feed it properly, if you can prompt it properly, which that's actually one of the biggest things I've also taken away from the program, if you can do those things correctly, the output is so good that there's no way you're going to be able to go one for one and say, "I'm much better than this." And if you are going to be able to do that, I'm going to tell you right now, you're probably going to be working three to four times as long as I would be to output probably a very similar result. Yeah. And so, you know, if someone is sitting there kind of going, "Oh, AI is not going to replace what I do or AI is not going to be able to do." At the end of the day, like, it's a tool and you can either take advantage of the tool that's going to help you make more money, move with more speed, or you can sit back and wait for the tool to kind of get so good and be lost in the crowd of people who don't know it. >> You're obviously an info guy. You would a self-proclaimed marketer. That would that's how I would describe you as well. What's the business model of like how you're charging your clients right now? How's how does that work? Yeah, that was actually one of the biggest things I changed as well coming into the program. So, originally almost all my deals when I first started my old agency was, you know, a onetime setup fee and then try to get rev shares and then it shifted into this I want to kind of get revenue shares and a percentage of equity in the business. Uh, and while that could be very good and it is what I still aim for, as you were saying earlier, there's a small percentage of people out there who run successful information products year-over-year. And because of that, sometimes I would take on deals where I put out a lot of work and I didn't get as much of a return. So when we came into the program, one of the first conversations we had was actually structuring and pricing accordingly. So now my deals are set up on one of two prongs. It's either number one uh a really front-end big setup fee. We're talking anywhere from, you know, minimum 7K up to 20K uh to do a setup. And then we do either a percentage of profit. If we're doing ads, we'll do a percentage of the the ad spend once they hit certain marks. So, we do still get a little bit of equity percentage, but now what I've done is I've shifted it to a very upfront um setup fee and then a retainer for maintenance. Yeah. >> You you got you got like a pretty big one the other week. Was it was it a 20k one or what was that? >> That one was the uh Yeah. So, we got a 14K setup. Okay. For that one. And then now what it is is we also get a percentage of everything over 50K in revenue. So, we got a a little rep share for anything over 50K that we generate. >> Oh, nice. Yeah. For everyone listening, I teach this concept inside the program called deliverable stacking that makes it so that you can charge like a ton of money. What were the deliverables of um that 14K setup? Like what was included in it? >> So, that specific deal was pretty much like it was like a basic just for those who don't know like we just do what's called like a video salesletter call funnel. So, what it was was setting up the video sales letter, call funnel, um actually developing the email nurture flows, post email nurture flows, uh setting up a confirmation page, breakout videos, scripting all of those videos, scripting and setting up the ads, setting up the actual ads account, ads manager account, and then launching the campaigns. Those were all of them. And then what we also did as an additional add-on which kind of gave us a benefit for a lot of these companies especially lead generation focused is we would actually prevet and pre-qualify which is I got this from you actually is like to stand out to anyone else just prevet the leads um which we did through like a qualification form and just call to confirm so that we were only sending pre-qualified prevetted leads to this business. >> Yeah. Dope. So, there's a lot of people who a fair portion of the people watching this video right now would be beginners or they're like, "Baby, I've never sold something like that before. I don't even know how I could sell that." And they have this like kind of thing of like, "How would I even like approach selling a client on this because I don't even know how to do it." I think the first thing I'll say to those people is that like you just use AI to do it. I I show people inside of AI how to do every single piece just line by line. Um but secondarily um they have a lot of fear around like talking to somebody on a sales call because they think like oh I don't have case studies so I can't make this work like how do you go about your calls doing this because I I mean it's like at some point you were also a beginner like you had never done this before at some point in history >> like that that was the state of existence at some some specific time point. What would be a piece of advice you would give to those people who are like I like don't want to get on a sales call with these people. I don't even know how to sell it. >> Yeah, I think that there's probably a couple pieces of advice I'd probably have. Number one is first and foremost, like if you if you're worried about it because you don't have case studies and that's kind of the, you know, quote unquote limiting belief you have to be able to jump on these calls. The best thing you can do, which is honestly even actually what I do still, I don't flaunt my case studies as much. Yes, I do have them that people can go and see. I really just articulate exactly what I'm going to be giving the client, exactly what I'm going to do for the client, and what they can expect. I then articulate the exact launch plan step by step. Here's what I'm delivering to you. And if you can do that in such a a way that the client receives it, says, "Wow, this is a a large amount of work that this person is going to be doing for my business that's going to aid the growth of my business." That's all it takes. You just need to be able to articulate exactly what it is you're delivering to them and what they're going to receive. that's actually working best for us right now is us being able just to showcase to people here's step by step what I'm going to exactly do when we start working together and here's how this is going to result in you getting more money for as a business and now if you're sitting there as a beginner and you're also thinking well I don't know how to do those things like how am I going to do those yeah the easiest like you have such right now is such an interesting time to work in the online space or in the in the agency space because you have AI tools that will quite literally do all that heavy lifting for you and you can yes continue to learn the technical skills. You'll start to be able to pinpoint all those things, but it's such a marginal difference that as long as you're competent enough to actually just digest and understand how the AI output works. You honestly can outsource your work and fulfillment to that. >> Yeah, I agree. I I I think I I actually tweeted this today where it was um just because we've been selling to more people who are beginners um since we launched this program, but um it's actually insane that someone will come in for like a month or two months and like they're working through like mindset and fear problems for like a month or two months and it's like but then the moment they actually start doing something like boom just they they start getting results. It's like and you see it obviously in the wins channel. >> Yeah. And there's like there's like five, six, seven, eight people posting that they're signing clients every single day just inside. >> There's a kid that DM'd me when I first start like a month and a half ago. He DM'd me and was like, "Hey, like how are you getting some of these results?" And then I think today or yesterday he posted and I think he got like a 10k deal yesterday and then like a 2K deal today. And I reached out to him and see how he's doing. He's like, "Oh yeah, like I'm at like 20K already." >> A month a month and a half ago he was asking, "Hey, how are you doing this?" >> Yeah, dude. Like I was um this this is actually funny because it was it was it was a couple hours ago. I was on my coaching call and there was a dude and he was talking about how like cuz I'm I'm explaining the whole thing obviously about like you're selling to obscure niches and like and like this is how you structure a front-end cold traffic offer and he comes on he's like I don't want to like structure an offer that way and I don't want to like do all these niches. And I like freaked out on the call because I was I literally freaked out. if you want to go watch the recording. I was like, "Dude, like I think for some reason you think that I just like made all this [ __ ] [ __ ] up for no reason. Like I'm just like telling you to do all this for literally no reason at all." But it's not. Like I say to do it like this because it works when you do it this way. Therefore, if you want it to work, do it this way. And if you want to get [ __ ] all zero results, then do whatever you're doing. I'm like, it's really simple what is happening here. I'm just like scared. And it's like, well, I don't know what to tell you then. I think that one of my favorite parts of joining initially was I was very like headstrong that no I'm just going to take whatever is in this program and just apply it to like info like I'm just do I'm that guy like I'm just that info guy and I think it was our first call together where you essentially without saying the words directly you might have actually said the words directly you essentially were saying I was I would be [ __ ] not to go beyond just info and it was after that call that I sat back and started doing some research and doing that and plugging it in and then you know 30 days later we've added an extra 44K in business. >> Yeah. It's Yeah, dude. I'm the same as you. Like I do that and I need someone to call me out when I'm doing something like that. But it's like, bro, it's like I'm not just like just taking random [ __ ] out of my ass. Like there's a reason why I'm saying to do like the reason why so everyone watching this understands like the reason why I say to do obscure niches is because people think that there's proven niches. I want a proven niche and it's like okay no no no there's proven offers there's not proven niches. There's only a scale of how saturated the niche is. What happens is someone will come in, they're like, "I'm going to sell to this niche." And then like every single person sells to the same niche and then they all start talking with each other and they're like, "What outreach scripts are working for you to that niche?" So now you're all sending the same message to the same niche and you have to like cuz a group of people will converge because obviously you can like DM each other and [ __ ] and client like they will literally converge and all like do the same thing and then it'll work for a little bit like wow this is working. is working and it all congregates up and then it doesn't work anymore because everyone's doing the same exact thing and it's like no no no you guys you don't understand you have there's hundreds of niches that we've generated with extremely complex deep research AI like it's like profusely massive documents of like all of these niches like just pick one and they all fit the economic parameters that they need to fit to to be easy to get results for like so they're obscure niches that no one would think the target and the economics of the business of that niche is set up so it's easy to get results for them regardless of the of the service. So therefore, it's like like I people just have this diluted conception that they think like it's okay if it's a little saturated. I'll just get a few less calls. No, no, no, no. It's you get zero [ __ ] calls. Like like dead blank zero. And so you need to go to a niche that thinks you invented fire by understanding just a base level concept of marketing like at all. Like it just I think that's maybe something people would think like listening to us talk is that like oh I need to be like an expert marketer. It's like bro no you don't. You really don't at all. Like people don't even know what a funnel is. They don't even know. They're not even aware of the concept of like putting a video on a landing page. Like they don't even know that like you can run ads. Like >> we had a it was funny you say that like we had a client in one of these obscure markets. It wasn't the wealth management one. It was a different market. We had a client that we reached out to and we were like, "Hey, this video is going to work for them." And they were dead set on no one else in this industry does this. It's not going to work. We tested it for 14 days. Within those 14 days, they had more qualified appointments than they did in the last 60 days. And it was so funny from a delivery standpoint, significantly less work than any of my info product clients. And the reason is is just that the sophistication level of those other clients is so high that you're constantly pushing the boundaries of what's the next thing I need to be ahead of the curve. Whereas some of these other markets I'm going back to things that were working you know COVID 2020 2021 and we're implementing that stuff which is very easy to do now and it's working. So even easier. Yeah. >> Yeah. Like basic implementations for people. It's so funny. Like dude, if you you could build like a single funnel for some business who has like a giant CRM, like a VSSL funnel or like a webinar funnel for them and you build it and they just like absolutely annihilate. It's like it's it's like a lot of them don't even need to run ads. They just like do it to the audience they already have. >> Some of these businesses don't even have like an actual dedicated landing page for prospects or for potential customers. They are driving them to a contact us website page which results in they don't even know the numbers of people that convert over. So just building a >> I don't even have a CRM. >> I don't even have a CRM something that we go into. Just having like an actual dedicated landing page makes a significant difference which now with all the tools that we have accessible to us takes maybe a couple hours of work to do. >> Yeah. So for people who are beginners say let's say you went back in time and like you are now a beginner in this age right now with all the stuff you have access to right now. What kind of advice would you give to to somebody to make the maximum amount of money as fast as possible? I think number one is to be honest it's it's one of those funny things like you mentioned it quite a bit at the beginning when you know we first joined is like just move with as much speed as possible like if you're a smart person you are going to think of every analytical reason as to why things won't work but you're just the realization I had because I was like that I like to consider myself a smart person is that I just I'm wrong I don't know and so when you have people like yourself in the corner like just move with speed and if you can just dedicate a little bit of upfront time you don't have to become a master in Maybe take a week, two weeks, understand the systems, the AI systems in place and how to do that. And then you just move with speed where you just focus on my whole sole purpose is just to acquire clients and you just follow the exact methods that are taught on here's exactly step by step how you have to get clients. I think you dropped a YouTube video just the other day on how to sign a client in two weeks. Like you just follow that step by step. You quite literally could be making 10K, let's just say if that's your goal, a couple thousand dollars from two to three clients in a three-w week time span or in a four-week time span from a skill set you developed in one to two weeks using AI and just dedicating a couple weeks to outreach. So, if you can move with speed and you just dedicate a little bit of time to become somewhat competent in how to use AI and then just focus on actual acquiring clients, you'll make money and you just from there it's just repeating what's working. >> Dude, it's the number one question people ask is how long will it take me to hit 10K a month or something like that. It's so funny cuz I can't give people a concrete variable because they spend so much time not doing anything and just like working through [ __ ] mindset problems. It's like, well, dude, Kabrin came in and how long did it take you to make an additional $44,000? How long was that? >> Month, month and a bit, maybe. >> So, like, yeah. So, I if you didn't have mindset problems and you just And then who was who's the dude we were talking about? He's like, right when he started, he uh he was at 10K a month now. It's like what makes it variable is how long you sit around doing [ __ ] nothing. That's the one that like I don't know how long you're going to spend doing that. I think the people who do it just like like if you're one of those people who's like just sits there and analyzes everything of like here's every probable outcome that can happen by me starting this you're just you're going to be in the exact same spot a month from now, two months from now, honestly probably a year from now. Whereas, if you just kind of sit down and say, "I'm going to turn this little hyper analyzation voice off and just follow the steps that are provided in front of me, your likelihood of success is going to be so much higher and so much faster than if you were to just hyper analyze every probable outcome, which I think just a lot of people do." >> The dude I was just referencing before that was freaking out like he was like I was basically told I was like, "What is the worst case scenario that is going to happen here?" Like, say you you get you sign a client, you don't get results for the client. I'm like, "What do you think is going to happen? you're going to go prison. I'm like, the worst case scenario is you give them a refund. I'm like, and all of the work, like 90% of it of the production of what you did for them was done by AI. So, like, >> it's not even like you lost a bunch of time. It's like it's a couple hours and you had to give them a refund. Worst case scenario, like what do you think you get executed if you It's like what is what is your issue here? Nothing's going to happen to you. It's just dumb. Let's talk about another category people might be watching this. Maybe they are an agency owner and they are still like doing a thing and they have some revenue right now like you were. What's the single piece of advice that you would give them? >> Honestly, probably number one is that you are probably overworked compared to what you're relatively doing and output. I think that's probably one of the biggest realizations I had coming in. I was like I said, I consider myself techsavvy. I consider myself knowledgeable with AI. Wasn't even anywhere close to what I could be doing to maximize my work. So I think number one, if you are currently an agency owner and you probably are stuck in like one of these two scenarios, which is either number one, you're not growing because your whole time is spent off fulfillment or number two, you are just not even focusing on, you know, future pacing because you're just so focused on I got to do this for this client, this for this client, and constantly reacting. Being able to have access to a tool set of just like everything AI and understanding how to implement it all for which took two two and a half weeks for me to implement it all into my current clients will just make a significant difference in your workload. And then what end like the biggest lesson I had was that I was not focused on enough sales activity and growth activity. I was too focused on just bogged down fulfillment. And so I can never focus on future pacing my next client, my next five clients, my next 10 clients. And so if you are in that same boat, which you most likely are at some capacity, the best thing you can do is like get access to tools like this, implement them in and make a lot of your focus sales activity based versus just fulfillment based, which is the the boat I was in for a long time. >> Yeah. What a lot of my emphasis on how I teach people to be successful in any company whatsoever is to think of it as um the problem with what people think of is um like if I say to someone like like okay Daniel you're selling and promoting a coaching program inside of this video right now and like clearly you're going to say invest into coaching because you then you'll make money. Like so yeah correct but secondarily the failed presumption that you are operating on is that you're failing to make the connection that your business is not a job your business is an economic machine and if you are able to unlock something for your economic machine then it goes so like what what what people are conceiving is Daniel I'll give you money and then I'll learn how to get more work and then I have to work more and I don't want to work. What they're failing to compute is that no, you are learning how to turn your business into an economic machine that is independent of you as a consciousness. That is the difference. So like for instance, and this and this is the case when people get to like your level for instance, and this is the kind of conversation I have to have with them when they're like, I don't know how to scale more. And I'm like, no, no, no, actually that's not what's happening. What is happening is that you know how to scale more. you just don't want to scale more because however you've set your business up results in more clients equals more work and you don't want to work more which I understand I also don't want to work more I would prefer to not have to work ever right so it it's that what people are thinking of when it's like when I'm saying to invest into your your your company it's invest into making it an economic machine and making the output of capital from that machine as independent from your personal labor labor as possible. AI is just a tool to be able to execute that. Well, it's actually profound how much more you can handle alone because of AI. Now, so it used to be probably like I'm going to use like a hypothetical agency. A good one would be like a like like a funnels agency like yours or like a good one for people to conceptualize is like like a ghostwriting agency. Like let's say $1,000 a month and you write or $1,500 a month and you write 30 LinkedIn posts for a client. It's like, dude, how many [ __ ] LinkedIn posts can you write until you're like your mental capacity is like drained in a single day. The answer is probably like three or four. And then like you're you're shot. You're done. Like you can't anything you do from there is just like just jello- and you have to do this every single day, right? Okay, that's an issue because that means you can only handle four clients max alone and that's only 6K a month and then whatever cost and like and it's like and then on top of that is like you doing marketing and lead genen and sales to actually get the clients in the first place. So, it isn't actually six clients. It's actually like three clients, right? So, like a max 3K or 4,500 a month, and then you have to hire someone full-time, which is immediately 3,000 or 4,000 a month. So, all of your profit just gets annihilated right there. You're not going to make any of it back until you got another three or four clients. Okay? AI makes it so that you could handle like 20 clients and not hire a single person. Like, people just don't conceptualize that. They think that like you'll hear people say some [ __ ] sometimes like, "Oh, just go hire someone to do that." Like you don't just [ __ ] go hire someone to do so like you just [ __ ] spawn out of thin air. Like that's not a thing. It doesn't like you know how many people you have to talk to to find somebody like who's competent at the thing and then you need the traffic to go find them which means like you're doing outreach and like posting [ __ ] and like and it's like it's just a pain in the ass that is to just hire someone. Like it's profoundly [ __ ] annoying to do that. And it's like there's just there's a a lot of people watching this who just like fully don't understand like how easy it is in comparison to what it was like just a year ago. It's just so insane what you can do now. >> You're No, you're spot on. Like originally a year ago, okay, let's just say like I don't have these AI tools. Hypothetically at this capacity I'm working at right now, I probably have four to five staff members that I have to bring on board. Even the thought process of four to five staff members, me bringing them on board raises my lid of workload because not only am I having to do manual fulfillment, but I'm also having to train this person on how to do manual fulfillment, make sure they're competent that I can put them in front of a customer and they can actually execute it. And then I'd have to watch and monitor that while also thinking about client acquisition and growth. Pretty much a situation where you're working 60, 80 hours a week type of scenario, right? you're working just every day. Whereas now my team is very lean. I have one executive assistant. I'm probably going to bring one more person on board just so I can hypers scale things. And then everything else is AI. That's it. And I have a fully operational business just running with a threeperson lean team. Right now we're on pace. So this month we're on pace to make 115. >> That's crazy. That's Yeah, that's really good with three people. That's so funny. It's insane what you can do. All right, so last question before this we wrap this up. Like I imagine you want to take this to like 250, 500 or like a million a month. Like what is the goal? And like strategically, how are you thinking about getting there? >> Yeah, I actually like I I kind of had a shift of this before cuz I was kind of like twiddling my thumbs up. I I didn't really know. I didn't have it identified for a while. I was just kind of like, let me just collect as much humanly cash as possible type of scenario. Right now, like the next target is 250. Uh and then once we hit that, yeah, like if I can hypers scale this to 500, that'd be the goal. Um, in terms of next steps to get there, what we're doing is, yeah, number one is just like now I'm just starting to just do a larger volume of everything really. Number one is like more cold email systems, more client acquisition systems. And then number two is going to be actually probably talking to you a little bit about launching ads and and getting those ads going to acquire more people. So, in terms of everything fulfillment wise, it's going to be all the same. I'm doing all the same things I would have already been doing so far to get where I'm at today. And now it's just really volume play. Get my face in in front of as many people as possible. Drive as many customers as possible. And that's really the next steps to get to 250. >> Dope. Kristoff, bro. You got anything else you want to leave us with or you could >> The best thing I can do is like if you're kind of sitting there like I'll be upfront for everyone to know. I watched like your videos. I think I shared this earlier with you. Like I watched your videos for a couple of years. And during those couple of years, you gave me a lot of information to move on and help me get, you know, my foot in the door and and start doing things. The amount that I hypers scaled actually joining being able to talk to you is was so astronomical that I couldn't actually believe it. I sat back and I said I kicked myself for two years watching YouTube videos. Imagine if I joined 2 years ago where I'd be at today. So if you are someone like who was like me who probably just like creeps on Daniel's YouTube and watches it for, you know, months on end wondering, "Oh, should I do this? Should I not do this?" Honestly, just take the plunge. You're already there. You know what it is. You just have to go take it and it'll work as long as you put that work in. Good stuff, bro. Thanks for coming on. Um, anybody watching this, I'll leave the links to all of Kabrin's stuff if you want to connect with him in the description. So, you can see that. And if you want to join the AI assisted AD program, that'll be the first link in the description. All right. Peace everybody.