TITLE: Case Study: How Evan Reached $100,000/mo in Client Ascension and Olympia
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQmXRdPI9tk
VIEWS: 4584 | DURATION: 00:28:25
DATE: 2025-07-29T14:09:18.000Z
================================================================================

All right, what's up everybody? Got my boy Evan here. So Evan joined Client Ascension a year and a half ago. Has also at some point joined Olympia as well, which are both my programs. You started at like 4K a month, Evan, and now you're above 100K a month. Is that right? >> Yeah, like barely even scraping 4K sometimes. So yeah. >> So what do you do? Like what is your business just to give everyone kind of like a broad overview? >> Yeah. So pretty much all things paid ads. So done for you ad agency. We have, you know, some like consulting stuff and all that, but straight up done for you ad agency. >> Dope. Good stuff. So, what I think people viewers would get usefulness of is a substantial percentage of them are probably in the lower rungs of starting their business. Maybe they're at zero, also barely scraping 4K a month. Maybe they're not exactly sure how they should be charging clients or what specifically they should be selling or they're probably just confused in a whole lot of things that you two were probably confused about 18 months ago. if you could kind of like walk us through the story of what happened from you going from 4K a month to over 100K a month in 18 months and like what did you learn what are mistakes like what are things you changed like kind of like a broad like what happened here >> yeah so I remember it vividly it was June whenever I joined CA for the first time so actually it was literally scaled that up in what 13 months so not even a year and a half actually crazy but yeah I joined your call in CA and like I had this like weird convoluted fraction actual CMO offer and then like you were like, "Dude, just build funnels." And then I went and like screwed off for like two weeks. Came back was like, "Yo, I'm going to do a cold email agency or something." I was like, "What?" So like I technically burnt like probably a month just like spinning around. And that's not even like that month. Like before that for like 2 years, I would like try this thing or try that thing, hop from this offer to that. I'd make like 4K, then I'd pop up to like maybe 12, then I'd dip back down and all this stuff. And like I always was like doing this ads thing on like the side and it was always like the side chick that would like actually make money and all this other crap that I was doing like dude I flip houses like day traded like all this junk pretty much like when I talked to you you were like all right just like do this thing. So finally I think we had a a long thread in Slack where in the DMs where you just like tore into it was like don't report back until you do this. So that I just like stuck to the one thing and just continuously like soaked up info from, you know, people that are running ads and doing it successfully. Picked like different pricing models from people who are like in the position that I want to be and have the model and like kind of lifestyle I want to do. So it was like literally just honestly sticking with one thing and even like coach and CA for the dream 100 stuff now. And it's like I'll have some people that show up from one week and they'll like ghost for two weeks and they come back with a totally different offer and like yeah I was doing this like funnel thing, now I'm in like AI automation, now I'm in like ecom email marketing. It's like just pick one thing and just go full force on it is kind of what helped me. And um from there you just start to like pick the little things that you need to do to to optimize but if you keep like moving around it just crushes it. >> Yeah. So you had you were offer hopping and whatever and how did this evolve from like okay you doing the ads thing. How are you getting the clients for this? >> Yeah for this right now I mean we're running our own ads also just a lot of like referrals and stuff. So, it's quite shocking once you become actually like very good at something and build up like a rep that like there's not a lot of big players in the ad space that are good and stuff and have a good rep. So, like we just literally all my content is that we post results about it. I network about it. I give people value about it and then it's just turns into like, hey, we had one client that we just signed for 8K a month with a revshare deal. They hired like an agency that a lot of people know and they're at like $750 like not even qualify call just call and like they came to us and showed us that and we splashed it down. It's just like kind of just expanded to referrals and then just our own paid ads that were >> Yeah. How'd you do it initially to get the first couple clients when no one knew who you were? >> Initially was uh all dream 100. So just grinding away doing free work for people. I went like up market with those ones and just tried to find people that were like kind of pillars in the industries that I was trying to target and um just built some free work for them and pass it over their way. Sometimes I had like start at like just like a copywriting role or something or just like a funnel building role and then just like weave into the paid ads aspect through there. But yeah, really just grinding it out and you know, posting around. >> For people who don't know exactly what the process of Dream 100 is or like conceptually what you're doing and why it works, could you give us like a broad explanation of how you actually execute that and get results with it? >> Yeah. A lot of people don't want to do it. It's doing free work upfront for a list of prospects, 100, hence the name or more if you want to actually attack it. You want to work with basically. So it's like I have these 100 people. I see this problem that they have. Like for example, they're, you know, we have a lot of ecom email guys in CA that come to those calls. So, it's like, all right, their welcome flow sucks. These are 100 brands that I want to work with. All of their welcome flows are terrible. So, I went and redesigned like the first email and their welcome flow, the copy and all that. Pass it over to them with really no expectation in return, not that like sales commission breath. And then they come, you know, come back along like, "Oh, yeah. I would like to implement this into our flow and stuff. What else can you do?" And you kind of just like give that free value up front versus the mass, you know, kind of cold DM strategy and all that with like all the weird emojis people send and stuff. just like giving value up front and then they they reciprocate into that. >> Yeah. What did you do? Like what was your free work deliverable that you were giving people for your offer? >> Mine at that point was uh just like the redesign of their landing page. So if they were driving traffic to a lander, it was like hey and then it kind of morphed into like hey here's a lander plus some ad strategies and stuff that we would run and um kind of like morphed into that. So that got me more of like the media buying pin. And obviously you were so successful at this that we literally made like an entirely new segment inside of Client Ascension called Dream 100. And you are the coach for Dream 100 now because of how well it worked. And there's a substantial amount of people who do that as their main channel. But I think for everybody listening right now, you got to understand like where does this strategy exactly slot in to the progression of your company. So like what Evan said now is that primarily the way he's closing deals, it's through referrals and like posting content about what is isn't working out. The problem when you don't have a substantial amount of clients or you aren't knowledgeable enough to post content about the the mechanism yet because you don't know enough yet is that you don't have referrals, you don't have content to post things on. So that's where dream 100 slots in because you literally are a nobody until proven otherwise. Like you need to acquire people. You need to do work for these people. And you need to acquire the understanding and the actual skill associated with being a good business owner. There's a good portion of people who are not concerned with becoming an expert at the thing they're selling. They're more so just treating it as like a random medium of like getting people to pay them money and they could like not give a [ __ ] about client results whatsoever. And then you have the other category of people who care so much about getting client results that they're like they're in like this state of debilitating fear and anxiety that they don't do anything ever because they're so scared of not getting results for clients. So you kind of right in the center there. So say somebody is going to start doing dream 100. They figure out what the deliverable is that they're going to give people. What is this kind of like sales process? Like how often are you following up with these people? Like are you like generating them proposals on like a gamma dock or some [ __ ] Like what's going on here? >> Yeah. So you put the deliverable in a nice gamma doc. I usually like to think of it like like some people in CA will send me them and it's like this v this so confusing looking document that sounds so salesike like the whole thing is it doesn't you shouldn't make it look salesy and also it should be formatted like a landing page so nice clean headline got a you know we call it like mini VSSL and stuff but like an overview of what's in the doc then each section should be nice clean title bullet points and everything easy to consume stuff right then also easy to like implement the actual thing that you're giving them not this crazy thing what I usually did and it worked really really well is I call it like hooking in the call so I was like, "Hey, here's this landing page we we redesigned. It's on Figma right here. You can take it and put it into your, you know, ClickFunnels 2.0 account, 1.0, GHL, whatever it is. Pass it to your funnel builder. And if not, you know, there's a like, if you don't want to build it yourself, like we'll build it totally for free for you. Just like grab a call right here real quick. Here's my calendar. We'll hop on real quick. No sales stuff. I just want you to know that I'm not some crazy guy on the internet that's going to hop into your ClickFunnels account and, you know, vanish with all your funnels or something." Like that little weird like joke would get people too and all that. I put that in there in the Loom video and in the dock and that would hook in a lot of the calls. So I get on the call with them of course we'd like build it for them but immediately they'd ask like what else do you pretty much do? So then from there it was just kind of spiraling from there. Yeah. In terms of follow-up, we just do a lot of like value follow-up before like after we send the the document and everything for about a week to 10 days and then there's kind of like opportunity cost comes in. So it's like all right, if someone's ghosted you for 10 days, it's better to just like replace them in the cycle with a fresh lead. Maybe put them on a long-term drip or something like that. Follow up bi-weekly and then monthly or something. So that's kind of the followup cadence that that we do with that. >> You just throw them on like a CRM or something. >> Pretty much. >> Yeah. Nice. So I imagine at this point you don't you don't do much of this anymore cuz you don't have to cuz you have sufficient enough inbound traffic coming in. So I think where a lot of people screw up is obviously when you're just getting started, you really can't justify absolutely massive pricing for two reasons, right? One is that you don't have the case studies or the results to back it up. And second is that you're not exactly sure yet how to get results. But obviously as you've worked with progressively more people, you've just become more knowledgeable at the actual active advertising and building funnels. So could you walk us through how over time from the first couple of clients to now how your pricing has evolved and kind of like what you learn doing each kind of style of pricing? >> Oh yeah. Yes. I mean I was doing like full funnel builds for like 250 bucks. >> Just so everyone understands like what is involved in a fullfunnel build like what are the deliver? >> Oh man, this was ad scripts, VSSL script, editing on those. We were doing the landing page, all the landing page and stuff, ad strategy, shoot, even like some backend email flows and everything. So, it was like the full ad funnel and everything. So, it was kind of crazy. I selling a couple of those just to like get some people to shoot some testimonials and all that in the early early days. And then after that was like, okay, just started to tear up the pricing. So, literally every I didn't really have like at the beginning too much of a systematic way of doing this. I kind of just said, "All right, I'm going to say three grand." And then like someone paid and I was like, "All right, just going to say like five grand." and then someone paid that just continuously would go up and up. Especially once I like got those couple clients that were bigger names in the spaces. I was able to like really charge a lot higher that. That's where like the dream 100 aspect came in really well is like all right I had those now in the case study doc that immediately raised the authority and everything. So pushed that then switched to heavily heavily on revshares. And yeah, that was a big unlock too cuz once you had one revshare like the first kind of like big big revshare payout was about 22k and I was like all right I can get paid a lot more than what I'm charging now to do this stuff. So but it was made off of revshare. So like that also was in the back of my mind like a validation of like no we ran up this company to this point. I'm like we could get paid that cuz we ran it up to that point. So yes. >> Yeah. Now it's that's kind of the evolution. And so just slowly tearing it up and then just switch models in the revshare. And uh that's kind of where we're at today. >> When people ask you if they were to come to you and say something like, "Evan, how can I take whatever I'm selling right now and get paid like substantially more money from it?" What would your advice to them be? >> Definitely backing it up with case studies for sure. And then honestly just like the Revshare components. I love them like so much. You know, really whatever kind of service you have, you can morph into Revshare. Like a lot of the uh the cold email guys too, they're like, "Oh, I don't know how I'm going to do a Revshare." It's like it's the same thing. It's actually in some ways easier to track, like way easier to track on that. So content, same things. Like I know one guy in Mastermind group I'm in that's doing like basically Twitter content for coaches and stuff and he does a rev share deal off it. It's like 6,500 a month and he has like a 10 to 15% revshare component off stuff that closes through inbound Twitter. It's like that's fantastic. So that's immediately one there. And then if you charge flat rate and you're charging someone 10K a month, you you better be working with somebody like for in ads for example, right? if I'm going to charge you 15K a month for ads, like I need to make you substantially more than our fee plus the ad spend plus your delivery cost. So therefore, if I took on somebody that's like, yeah, I only have $200 a day to spend in ads or something or even the risk tolerance or the sales team capacity to spend 200 a day max, it's like not going to make sense. So you have to like go and just reach out to people that are can actually spend that pretty much and attract those types of people. So >> yeah, I think where most people have an issue, which is kind of like where I focus a substantial amount of advice, is getting those people to give them the time of day at all. So the kind of people who can afford to spend 5, 10, $15,000 a month on a package, like how do you even warrant getting their attention at all? Cuz that's where a lot of guys screw up. They can't even get these people on the phone. So let alone if they are on the phone, be able to to convert them. So So the first screw up is that they'll quote like super low results in their headline or like any kind of like outreach message. They'll say stuff like, "Hey, get you 10 qualified sales calls." And it's like, bro, like I book 10 qualified sales calls like every 2 hours. I need like 50 60 a day. People they quote too low of numbers that are not of interest to people who are large enough who can afford to pay you a substantial amount of money. The reason why people don't quote high enough numbers is because they're operating under the delusion that they think their conception of what is going to happen is they're going to get paid like two grand from a client. And obviously if you only get paid two grand, you're not going to be able to do a lot of work for the client. To which I posed the question, well, what would you do if they paid you 15 grand? How would the inputs of what you will execute for them change versus if they only paid you two? Like, oh, I would do this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, and this. I'm like, "Okay, assume they're going to pay you 15 grand then because now when you say this extensive quantity of deliverables and this wellthoughtout actual system of generating them results, that is the thing that's going to get their interest, not this little [ __ ] 2K a month set of deliverables that's going to produce absolutely nothing substantial at all." So, I kind of like make them work backwards of what are the deliverables that you would give someone if it was 15. Now pitch that and then now the pricing of 15 is justifiable based off all of the [ __ ] you're doing for people. You'll get the argument. People will say the argument will say, "Well, why can't you charge 15 grand if you're going to make them 100 grand?" And it's like, "Yeah, well, yeah, you can go to a client and you can pull up a [ __ ] ROI calculator, just say like, yeah, I'll make you 100 grand." But you need a justifiable like tangible set of deliverables that makes them understand and see that yes, oh, that result is conceivably possible. People aren't [ __ ] right? It's like you're just saying that you can make me 100 grand, but how? And a lot of people lack the how, and they don't explain how exactly it's going to be get done. So, they'll like quote high numbers, but they can't get anyone to buy because they're not explaining how the result is actually achieved via all the deliverables that are required to get the result in the first place. You know what I'm saying? >> Yeah, that's a fair point, too. And like a lot of the sales calls now, like I'll pull up the basically like our financial models of like, okay, cool. You're saying you want to make this much. Here's our fee. Here's what like the ad spend you're comfortable with and everything. And like we'll literally almost go if I could see they're not like buying it essentially there. I'll go like line by line like okay cool. You see this CTR, this unique clickthrough rate. Okay, cool. Here's a couple ad accounts that we have that are similar. See that CTR? Okay, cool. All right, let's go back. CPM's next line item. Okay, cool. This is a modeled CPM. Let's go to the ad account. Okay, cool. See the CPM? Okay, cool, cool, cool. They'll go just continuously go down the line items until they're like, "Okay, so like this model he's giving me matches up with like stuff they actually do in real time." And yeah, that works really well. makes it like tangible like you said. >> Dude, I did this with this dude Ravi inside client. This is actually so funny cuz this dude started from zero. He's selling funnel builds and whatnot. And I told him like, "Dude, you got to like list out all the deliverables that are associated with building a funnel." And he's just like complete beginner just like closed like a 8K a month deal. He just sent a proposal for a 25k deal. And it's like cuz I taught him. I was like, "Bro, just list out like an absurd amount of deliverables of like what you're going to do." So it's like, "Okay, like you just said the CTR. Here's how we are able to achieve the CTR. We have this whole system and process of delivering all these ad scripts and we produce this many new ones per week and deliver them to you at this frequency. It's like you're probably worrying about show up rate. So here's all of our systems that have to do with show up rate that has oh we have to do this this this and this. So we script and build all of this out for you including all the copy all the automations. It's like you start explaining absolutely dense amount of stuff that is required to get the results. And now people are like, "Oh, I understand why I should spend significantly more money on this as opposed to like somebody just like build a landing page for 2K." It's like, I'm missing like 13 things that I didn't even know existed at all. Like, yeah, I have to have all of this to make this maximally work as much as possible. >> Yeah. You see how like different that is than all the just generic offers? Like, I'll scroll through my phone. It's just like we'll book you five to 15 qualified sales calls like a week or a month or whatever through like cold email. It's like anyone can say that. There's nothing unique about it. And there's no like tangible process of like okay here's the dream like outcome I'm going to give you. Here's the vehicle to get there or like the mechanisms to get there and everything and the tangible proof behind it. It's just like we're just going to get you 5 to 15 sales calls. That's a fair point you made earlier too cuz I would literally like cry if that was all like I got for a month. It's >> what people lack the ability to do is they are not giving a full-fledged pitch or sales argument as to the result that somebody can achieve. The only reason anybody's going to buy anything is if they truly believe that investing the money with you is going to produce a tangible return on investment. There's literally zero other reason they're going to buy. Now, what people fail to do is they're not generating a sales argument. And what I mean by a sales argument is someone comes in and sell the opportunity. Let's use advertising and building a VSSL funnel your specific way in advertising the VSSL funnel right you have to first sell the concept of a VSSL funnel in the first place and how do you sell the concept of a VSSL funnel you show first point is showing the possible results that can be achieved via VSSL funnel right so that could be your own case studies it can be results that you've found from other people's VSSL funnels where you know achieve a specific result you just show what's possible with VSSL funnel and then second is explaining all of the components that are necess necessary to make a VSSL funnel work. Now they're bought into the concept of using a VSSL funnel. It's like they both see what's possible with it and they understand how it's built. Then now you have to sell them on the concept of using you for the VSSL funnel. The way you do that is by saying, "Okay, well all these things that are required to make it work that I just showed you, I just educated you on my offer is doing all of that. Do you want to buy?" That's the whole pitch. It's the whole thing. The simplest thing ever. And I think where people get screwed up is I like to tell people that the VSSL and the sales call are basically the same thing. It's both a pitch. So it's like what do I say on the sales call? It's like the exact same thing you said on the VSSL. That's what's going to get someone to buy is you sell them on the opportunity and then you sell them on the concept of using you to facilitate the opportunity. That's it. It's literally all you do. >> Yeah. It's a there's a guy in CA too that's doing like low ticket funnels and he's showing me some of his like outreach and all that and there's not a single thing that like sells somebody on why a low ticket funnel in general. It's just like it'll make you a bunch of money. here's my whole process of like building one and why ours works. It's like I running a low ticket funnel is a lift too. So it's like you need to and they everyone knows that that's in advertising. So it's like not selling them on that is putting you at a huge disadvantage for it. >> Yeah. So what are the funnels that you're building for your clients? Like what are the deliverables associated with these kinds of things? >> Yeah. I mean we do challenge funnels, webinar funnels, VSSL. Uh we've done some low ticket done some like just opt-in funnels too and stuff. All kind of depends on like the offer but pretty much full stack. So, we're doing all the ad production. So, sometimes we'll UGC it if we need to, but most of the time the founders are shooting them or someone from their like team is shooting them. And so, we do the ads, VSSLs, fullfunnel, all copy, all the design and everything cuz we like to make funnels that look pretty nice. All the backend email flows, content remarketing if we need to as well. And then also a huge thing is uh just like getting in with their sales process cuz um like we literally had a client that is like, "Hey, I have a massive problem." We're like, "Why?" and they're like, "You guys filled up like all of our priority slots and stuff." So now like we have no like we need to hire more salespeople. So it's like now I have to like coach on sales process type stuff and all that too now. So that's pretty much our whole offer as a stand. It's pretty much like the full paid engine. >> What kind of funnel is working the best for you right now? What's absolutely cooking for you? >> Good old live webinar funnels and the old trusty VSSL funnel. If you know how to run a VSSL funnel, right, and don't have like lazy copy, which most people do, hence the book five to 10 whatever like things with zero proof and zero case studies on the page and they wonder why it doesn't work. It's like, oh well, there you go. Yeah, both those just continuously print. >> When you do a webinar funnel for a client, are you the one who's scripting out the whole webinar? >> We'll give them like the framework, but no, I usually let them do it. >> You don't have to reveal who the person is. Like what kind of numbers or cost to acquire customer or ROI are you seeing on webinar funnels right now? Yeah. So, the one client we're running for, they have basically a um we're getting about a $7 opt-in right now. They have a $4,000 to $4,500 ticket that we're kind of rotating between and we've done six webinar funnels for them so far. Webinar like live webinars for them, one warm, so that was like outsiz returns on that one. But they're averaging pretty much about four or five xores on those. Biggest thing is like they're just huge. They fill up the sales slots for like a couple days. So, like we're trying to figure that out. So like they'll fill it up if we run it on a Wednesday, they'll fill up Thursday, Friday, and then like obviously the weekend's there. So like some people will book Saturday, Sunday, but no one like shows on those. So we're trying to like push it back a bit. But yeah, webinar funnels are doing doing pretty good. You just have to have somebody that can actually present. Well, >> are you revealing the price on the webinar or you just going straight book a call? >> Yeah, most of the time just straight there. We split tested it and it's just so much easier when you reveal the price. So much easier. >> I normally do this on my VSSL. One thing I've been testing with is saying price ranges instead because if you have different packages or if you want wiggle room to increase the price, then if you say a range, there's like you don't have to go back and refilm the whole VSSL if you change your pricing. So, I've been saying ranges. I've been playing with that. I think that's a good way to go about it. I think I'm trying to find some situations I can intuitively tell like no, we shouldn't reveal the price at this point, but some you should. I've always revealed every time I've done a webinar or even challenge funnels, I've always revealed the price at the end. Yeah. Yeah, we do the range. I like doing the ranges, too, cuz some people want that more like onetoone support, like a higher tier package. So, it's like we say, "Hey, we have this that starts at this. This is kind of like the core thing." Those of you that want to like accelerate the progress pretty much. We got this thing up here that's a lot more one-on-one time with, you know, the coach or whatever it is. And um or just some more deliverables and stuff. Put on some done for you elements in there, too. >> Yeah. Is this like a B toC bisop offer that you're doing it for? What are you seeing working for like more B2B offers? >> So, webinar funnels still do really good with that. The difference between like a BTOC webinar that we see work versus B2B is like B2B especially if you're selling to like a wealthier demographic. Not even that, it's even like just a agency owners in general and stuff. Like people don't want to show up and get the whole perfect webinar Russell Brunson pitch with all the motivation stuff. You just got to get into like tactics. Like that's what we do on mine. I literally the replay the first time I did it got shared organically because like I actually dropped a lot of sauce on that thing. Yeah. It literally got spread around cuz like I just dropped that and then had people afterwards that are like yeah I don't want to do this. I want you to do it and then show me how to run it. So I was like cool. B TOC you can get you got to like sell the opportunity a lot more. Especially if it's a bizop like you have to sell the cuz like you're effectively getting somebody that's like a nurse to stop and do day trading or Tik Tok shop or something like you have to like that's a huge lift. So a lot different on that. But also VSSL call funnels print all day long. >> Yeah. Are you currently advertising yourself at all or is you just like maxed out with like a bunch of client? I mean, we have like two more at the current standing like done for you slots and then we're pretty much just going to like keep maximizing those deals and then pretty much we get like a better deal. We have a client that doesn't want to implement things fast enough. That's another thing too which is hilarious is like we'll give some clients like, "Hey, I need you to like film these things for us please." And like is a week reasonable time? Okay, cool. It's like continuously they won't film it. They're like just going back and forth. Oh yeah, I'll get to it next week. It's like you paid me so like let's let's move. So those ones once we have like better deals, we'll just kind of like slot them in or something and just kind of like keep filling up the the roster cuz I kind of look at it like a portfolio now versus just like clients and stuff cuz it pretty much is. But >> this is what I tell people all the time cuz you always know someone's actually like doing work cuz they're talking about like bro like they always begin by thinking this is a unique situation to them. My clients like they can't close the sales calls. They're like bro my client like they're not delivering stuff to me like I got to change my offer and work with different kinds of people. like no no no like I got to work with like even bigger businesses or no no you understand nobody does anything and it's a default state of every client you work with ever they all suck at sales every single one no matter the size no matter the industry they all don't give you this stuff they all don't film the videos it's literally every single one nobody does anything it's the default state of humans to do absolutely nothing >> especially on the sales side too that's been another thing so it's like all right I sat there for about probably 2 3 weeks and just like bitched at like oh yeah like some of our clients can't close, can't close, can't close. And it's like, okay, what am I actually going to do about it? Like, let's like sit down and actually, I don't know, do something instead of just saying, oh, I can't close, whatever, whatever. So, like, we made this huge like SDR kind of worksheet thing and guide and all that. And then I'm actually just partnering up with a guy and paying him monthly to just like be in a Slack channel with our clients and just answer sales questions and like hold a sales call review thing. So, like our clients are getting that for free. Sure. It looks like a value ad, but it's like these are also revshareed deals, so like I need >> I need you to post this. Yeah, exactly. >> Yeah. So like and just even the ones that aren't revshares like I don't want you to churn because like 7% close rate like you need to like close higher just do stuff about it instead of not. >> How does your team look? How many people work for you now? >> Yeah, we're super lean. So I got my man Cam who's the COO. Absolute beast. That was like the probably the one thing that blew the the business up was bringing on him by far. It was so uncomfortable to like pay the amount he wanted. I was like this dude is worth every single penny. And it's funny cuz like I talked to some people and they were like stupid to hire someone for that. just get a bunch of like low-level contractors, whatever, like systematize. Like you're just coping for not having good systems or something or being a whatever. I talked to Andre. Andre is like, "Dude, hire the guy. Just like pay the money like he's a good a player. Hire him." Uh him and then just a bunch of like couple video editors and stuff that are more contractors. We just brought on one full-time though. I'm trying to get away from contractors and bring people in full-time. So, got two of them and a graphic designer and that's it. We just hired a marketing like assistant, too. So, pretty lean. So, when you were first starting, like how much did you work in the beginning versus like how much do you work now? Cuz a lot of people they're like they're overly consumed and worried about like how much time they need to spend about doing something and like for somebody who is like complaining about that. What do you tell these people and like how do you think about the amount of hours that you work to achieve what you've achieved? >> Yeah, I mean I'd say at the beginning I worked like a lot. I mean I still work a lot cuz it's like genuinely what I actually like like to do and I know it ticks off a lot of my family and some friends not friends in the marketing space. Shout out to like Adam Rem, Matt Laser, all those guys. You guys Yeah, you guys know the the grind. But yeah, it's like at the beginning it was just focusing on so much random crap and not having the systems to delegate some of the client work cuz I noticed like over time and some people watching this might feel the same is I got more gratification from doing client work than like work on my own company. Even now when I'm like I have to film my own ads versus write ad scripts for a client, I gravitate towards this like the client aspect. So, at the beginning, it was just working a lot cuz I was doing stuff I didn't need to do and didn't like block off time in my calendar to actually grow the business. Now, we're getting like the systems in place and everything. We're taking higher leverage deals versus like, you know, lower leverage ones that are like very deliverable based or like result based now. So, I have one client that they've been at like a 6x rorowaz for the past 2 months. I've done nothing because the stats are impeccable. We just keep increasing the spend, increasing the spend, increasing the spend. So, like you'll get to a point with that. But yeah, right now it's like definitely work a lot, but it's more like filming YouTube stuff, doing Twitter content, filming ads for us. Kind of like those sort of things. Networking around it shifts at a certain point once you just grow the business. >> All right. So, if somebody is thinking about joining Client Ascension right now, what advice would you have for this person? >> 100% do it. Like literally just like if I didn't join that, I definitely wouldn't be in this position like at all. There's not a lot of like programs and stuff that I can say and like attribute it to. And I joined a lot of programs before and I know the whole thing where it's like oh timing timing timing or whatever you know like you join a program and maybe that was just the the time that you were supposed to blow up like no I was actually like this helped like this was like a huge attribute to it that and then uh like you say just don't be like the weird dude like I've signed a lot of deals and not even like direct like I've got a lot of referrals from client ascension people and everything and just like also just you know being in there and being active but also like when you give value in the DMs and all that in the community people will start to like like your stuff more on socials and like watch the YouTubes and all that. Like that gives it a push to like colder people too and shows that you're kind of getting like supported and all that. So that like just grows the brand. So it's really just like not being the weird one. Just getting in and like implementing stuff with speed. Don't do what I did for two weeks and just like sit there and spin wheels and think of different offers and watch you read $100 million offers seven times and try to do all that stuff. Um, yeah, just like speed, get in, do it, and uh just don't be the weirdo in the group. >> All right, Evan, I appreciate you coming on, sir. Uh, everyone watching this, Evan's links will all be in the description. So will a link to join Client Ascension if you want to make substantially more money in your business. Evan, thank you, sir. Appreciate sir.