TITLE: Case Study: He runs a 90k/mo YouTube content agency
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRuuMWfeLvM
VIEWS: 2138 | DURATION: 00:18:24
DATE: 2026-02-19T18:00:30.000Z
================================================================================

All right, what's up everybody? Got my boy Samu here. He is in client ascension. If I'm correct, you run a content agency and for a really long time you were a freelancer just kind of like screwing around with random little client projects. Got coped out at a certain point. You wanted to turn it into a proper agency and then now you hit $94,000 in January. Is that right? >> 100% correct. >> I want to take this interview to kind of share with the audience everything you've learned and how you got to this point. How we helped you grow the business so they can go to the link in the description and join AI assisted agency. So, quick disclaimer for everybody. I'm not guaranteeing you make $94,000 in a month. According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, you have a higher probability of not getting results in your business than you do getting results. And you could be a complete idiot and screw everything up and literally do nothing at all and get literally dead zero results. Completely up to you. Trying to just give you as much information as possible to make sure that you could be equipped with the same info that successful people use. Real quick, could you walk us through what exactly it is you sell and who you sell it to? So we are a YouTube content agency and we only work with B2B businesses. What we do is we handle the entire YouTube content creation process down for you. So we set to these B2B companies, agencies and SAS companies mainly and they only have to sit down record the videos and we handle everything else. So everything from the strategy, the scripting and just the behind the scenes stuff to then obviously the production stuff as well after they record. Then also handling the distribution side of things, helping them use these YouTube videos across all their other social sales process with the whole goal of actually generating leads for them from those YouTube videos. So that's kind of in a nutshell what we do. >> How difficult is it to learn how to do all of this? >> Well, at the point where we are at the level of service that we provide and the complexity that we offer inside our service like the deliverables is very complex. >> When you first started, what was your offer then? It wasn't complex immediately out the gate, but you were still able to sign clients and make some money with it. Kind of walk us through how your offer has evolved from the time you were a freelancer until what it's turned into now and kind of like how that compares. I was a normal freelance video editor. So that was it just editing videos every type of video. But I I slowly started to edit more and more YouTube videos and that's how I kind of got into the space learn more and more about what makes a good YouTube video. But that was like at the very beginning I guess like after a couple months maybe half a year if I remember correctly. Yeah. Started to feel the urge of wanting to scale higher. So I was thinking of what should I do and obviously the the agency model was very appealing. So I started out and still I packaged myself as an agency but I was still like a freelancer at the beginning. I was still doing the work, but I was working as an agency. But then I slowly started to get more and more clients. At the beginning, it was like low to get clients without any real strategy. I kind of whipped up an offer based on reading Alex Hermos's $100 million offer books. Looking back now, it wasn't really getting anything, you know, based on what I know now. But it was like a bit of a a package of YouTube like thumbnails, editing, descriptions, channel management, basic stuff. And that was what I started with as an agency owner and then like slowly evolved into what I have now which is just a fully like comprehensive offer of everything B2B companies need when it comes to just creating long form YouTube videos. That's kind of how it evolved over the years. >> Is it just you're making YouTube videos for them or is like you're actually like building the funnels these YouTube videos are directing to as well or like how does that work? >> What we start out with is just deep research and creating a content strategy. So that's number one. After that once you have the actual ideas created the content strategy we go into script writing. So script writing is a whole process is one of the biggest things of what we do. A lot of B2B companies have very complex niches and we have a lot of different systems of using the existing content to write scripts in a way where they don't have to edit it. They don't actually should do anything apart from just having it sitting down and recording it. After they record it, we first of all edit it all of the videos, then create the thumbnails, then do the SEO for each of the videos. We upload on their channel. So we also manage the channel itself. And then the third part that we also do, which not many of the YouTube agencies do as far as I know, is just helping them redistribute these pieces of content. Our clients are heavy on LinkedIn because we are in the B2B space. So based on our packages, we offer also just repurposing it into full on LinkedIn post into short videos that they put on LinkedIn as well into emails that they can send to their email list and just really helping them like make sure that they squeeze the most use out of the YouTube videos as possible. We haven't yet gone into funnels and the back end stuff. We've just been fine with this sort of setup that we currently have. Most of our clients have that part handled. That's kind of what we handle for them. >> How much do you charge for this? >> Our retainers are right now between $3,000 and $6,000. So we could say it's relatively high ticket. Although it obviously could be higher. >> What determines whether it's $3,000 or $6,000 is is just the amount of deliverables that they get. >> Like how many videos, how many LinkedIn posts after those videos. So these sorts of stuff. >> So when you were a freelancer, how much were you charging? >> Couple hundred for like even more work. Two times the work that I would do now. I have a team now, but like in terms of actual like number of videos that I was editing back then, couple hundred. I think >> one of the integral things that obviously we teach inside of our program, Client Ascension, is how to charge substantially more money for your stuff. I I just want to hear from you though and like your personal perspective. What's the difference between a offer where you can only charge a couple hundred, it's like nothing at all versus one that you can charge $6,000 per month for? >> I think two main things. Number one is just who you're selling it to. I think that's a huge one that most people overlook like who you're selling it to. I could be selling my services to a whole different group of people that would never pay me $6,000 a month just because they are poor. They don't need what I sell. They're not qualified to get actual like usefulness from what I'm selling. So, I get the value from it. But for the people that I'm selling it to like B2B, SAS and service companies agencies, they just get like so much value from it that is a no-brainer for them who are actually qualified. So that's number one. I think that was also a big part of why I was struggling because I didn't know who to sell to and I didn't really find that sort of pocket off the market that just receives this really well. And the other thing is, as you always mentioned, just stacking deliverables and complexity in your offer where it becomes logically unreasonable not to charge that much, if that makes sense. You always talk about this listing a [ __ ] ton of [ __ ] that is like actually useful. So you're not just throwing stuff on the wall. you're just handling so much stuff that it's got to be high ticket. >> Just so like the audience understands what I mean by that. One of the core things that makes it so that you can charge substantially more money isn't always just case studies and how many client results you have. That's obviously a component of it, but it's not the most important component of it. The most important component is what they literally receive as a deliverable inside of the offer. We call this deliverable stacking. For instance, if you're a YouTube agency and all you say is, "Yeah, we script out or we make YouTube videos for you." It's like, okay, like what else? It's not dense. If you list it out as like, we're going to ideulate this many different videos for you. We're going to script out all these videos. We're going to edit them. We're going to post them. We're going to put full transcriptions inside of the description. We're going to make promo emails to your email list for every single one. We're going to make clips off of those and post them to YouTube shorts and LinkedIn, Instagram, and then also link back to the YouTube video every time you do this. And then we're going to make full email sequences of what was talked about inside the YouTube video. and you like list out the deliverables and then you present that as like a literal like line item list of what they're going to get when they work with you. You can charge just a completely substantial amount more money and it's like barely any additional work at all. It's just that like you're describing what it is that you actually do at all. That's the trick. That's what you do. Going back to like when you were first starting though, let's say your first three to five clients, what were you doing to get those clients? Like how did you sign them at all? >> It was definitely outreach. That's what you guys are teaching. I 100% agree with it. Like at first you got to just reach out to people, get your name out there. But I actively like reaching out to people, starting conversations, however you do it. For me, I started with mass cold email like at the very beginning of my agency journey, which was 2 years ago or something, two and a half years ago. I started out with cold email, got a couple of clients, then I like plateaued a bit and then I started using the dream 100 outreach. I've learned from someone else before I even joined. Started using that. That was kind of the outreach method that I think originated from client essential overall. And with that, I got like a really big jump. was so different from just mass code email that like for me as a YouTube agency, it just suited me very well. I was able to write free scripts, send it out to the right type of people. I was at like 4K a month or something like 5K a month and I went to like around 15k a month just based off of the dream 100 that I was doing. So, it was a really good jump for me. Got my first bigger case studies, first real clients that were actually good businesses that I was able to like serve well. I was able to charge a decent amount. So, that dream 100 stuff was really like good for me at the beginning. Really like unlocked another level. That's like the thing that we tell everyone you need to do using AI to do as much of it as you possibly can so you can make like a completely [ __ ] ton of them. But going back to like Okay, so you got up to like around like 15k a month around there. How are you getting clients after that up to 90 something,000 a month? What's the main driver of getting clients right now? >> Yeah, it's an interesting story. So I got up to like 18K just by using Dream 100 and referrals and after that what happened is I signed a veil client. So one of my clients referred another client and he was just an absolute giant in my space. He's very big on LinkedIn and what he does is he builds in public. So he has a huge audience. He posts about who he's working with, what he does with his business. He's super open about it on LinkedIn. And what he started with me and we got sort of a deal is that he was just posting about me and our work together like super openly like what we were doing right from day one. And we just started like scanning him really fast on YouTube because he was starting from basically zero like he had just a shitty YouTube channel but he was very big on LinkedIn. We started scanning him on YouTube at the same time he was posting about us and that alone started just an insane amount of momentum, an insane amount of lead flow that I've never seen before in my life. It was crazy. The it was all inbounds like trust was also like very very high and that just started compounding. I also started signing other like big dogs in the space. Everyone started knowing my name. I started like stacking huge social proof with all of these people that in just a couple of months catapulted me from 18K to now like 94K soon to be 100k plus. So, it was pretty crazy. >> What's funny is people will hear that and they're like, "Oh, well, I can't do that." And it's like, "Yeah, you can." You do dream 100 outreach to somebody who's big. You go for the big dogs and then you sign them. And then that is just naturally what happens with bigger people. It just is. Like for instance, I use Aean for a lot of editing. And what happens when somebody asks me for an editor? I say I use Aean like literally every single time. It's really just that simple. You do outreach to big clients and then big clients just know people like they just do and then they refer you. That's just how that occurs at all. It's interesting. Somebody might think like, "Oh, you can't just do that." You can. That's just how it works. >> What's funny as well is that the client that referred me this well client, I've been working with him at that point for like over a year and I signed him originally as a dream 100 client like textbook dream 100. I sent out a free script to him. Like that was what I was doing. Free video offer. He took it. We created a free video. It was great. We started working together. He's been with me since like over a year now. And he referred me this client a year after we started working together. He referred me this client. We started the whole thing. It just came down to like the actions and just staying consistent. So like yeah that dream came to another referral and as you said like people know people and after a while like if you do good work like that just compounds. There's no way you will be poor if you just consistently just put in the right actions and do good work. So >> what are some things that when you joined client essential? Obviously like you're very active in there too which is really good. There's a high correlation between people who are active and people who actually get results. I see that just personally on my coaching calls. It's the same people coming all the time and those people tend to be the ones who get results. Now, with that said, what are some of the things that you did when you joined that really drove some good results for you and some good momentum if you could think any off the top of your head? >> Yeah, I mean a big one was just restructuring my offer a little bit, especially at the beginning. I was attending almost all of your calls, which was good. I went like back and forth on the offer and I did a couple of like bigger changes. I bumped up the price a lot when I got good momentum. I also just tweaked it to make it like more of an overall solution. I had like a decent offer joining in. I had kind of the fundamentals, but it still wasn't as it is right now. In one of our calls that I just like showed you my offer, broke it down and you like gave me some suggestions about like pricing, tiers, etc. So, that was helpful for sure. The sales part of it was also I attended a couple sales coaching calls. That was also very helpful cuz I just started after that client just started getting like a [ __ ] ton of sales calls. So, I just needed to get better at it. Actually, I hired my ops manager from Client Ascension. He's my key player right now. not directly from client ascension but a guy from client ascension who saw my message there referred the client to me so that was cool as well just overall like the offer the sales part and then like finding those manager those are like definitely big big divers >> obviously as you get substantially larger like you need to entirely restructure this business can't just be like how it was when you were a freelancer how have you kind of built this out to manage this many clients making over $90,000 a month what's kind of like the fulfillment look like how much is AI involved you have team members what do they do how is all that structured >> I I have an ops manager as I said who is handling all of the the clients. I mean I still have to be there help him here and there but like he's taking a lot of weight off my shoulders. Apart from that I also have just a big team of editors. Obviously we are like a media agency so we just have like over 15 editors at this point maybe over 20 and we have to like manage that as well but my host manager keeps track of we have everything in air table. So that's a very good system we have built out which is very helpful. And then we manage the communication in Slack. In terms of AI it has a very big part in the scripting process. Just use a ton of AI in the scripting part. It's still something where we just pay like a lot of attention to the scripting quality. So it's not like we push a button and just spits out scripts. There's a lot of back and forth but like without AI it would be literally impossible to like handle over 30 clients which we have now. So that's a big part of the scripting somewhat of an ideation process as well but mainly the scripting. I had a script writer who was helping me which I'm now like looking for a new one. It's something that I'm definitely looking for cuz right now my operations because of that because I have to do still like the script writing using AI. It's still something for like 30 clients. It just takes a lot of my time right now. So I'm looking to hire someone for that right now which I'm in the process of. So that should be ready soon and apart from that it will be like really handled cuz yeah with 30 clients and editors office manager and and a script writer. We are like easily managing it because you know AI is helping a lot. Our systems are helping a lot and I even have one guy who is building AI agents for us right now. He's building an ops manager agent for us using like cloth code and stuff. There's just like a ton of opportunity there. Funny enough that guy is also in client essential. There's just so many like connections that come from client essential. Did you need to have any changes in your mindset in order to be able to get to this level? Like if you could talk a little bit about that. Did you feel like you had any mindset blockages before that needed to get resolved in order to get here? Like I'd love to hear your take on that. >> Yeah, for sure. So, I think one of the biggest ones were like overall just the speed that you can scale. I really thought that it will be slower and it will be like a very hard process going like this and this and like very little improvements over time. just like realize now that it's more like just when it hits it just skyrockets and you have to like really be there for those opportunities. That was a big one. Also like for pricing just seeing like what you recommend charging, how much others are charging for certain stuff and just overall like it broke a limiting belief of how much I can charge and that combined with finding the right type of people that I can sell to just really help me just make more money. The VI helps like the VI channel that's the channel that I always go through whatever happens is just looking at like what other guys are doing and especially when I was at like lower revenue levels still at the beginning of joining it was like very cool to see guys doing bigger numbers that was very like encouraging as well. I mean I'm currently in Bali just for like vacation. I'm originally in Hungary. I'm from Hungary and based there as well. >> So like back home you're like rich. >> Yeah. I mean we we can say that. >> Yeah. Very humble. The purchasing power parody there is like absurdly good at when you're earning in US dollars. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, not going to lie, it's pretty crazy. Yeah. >> How has your life changed? Cuz like you were just freelancing, making like in profit, like I mean, barely anything at all at that point, but now it's like you're like making really good money. What changed about your life? Like what are you able to do now? >> 2 to 3 years ago or like 3 years ago when I was like still freelancing as you said. I mean, I was still in high school, so I was happy that I was making some money, but like it was obviously nothing substantial. It was like still cool. And I kind of got me some opportunities that other kids didn't have in, you know, high school, just making my own money. Like yeah after that once I started the agency started scaling to like 5 10k it was something but in like Hungary I was able to like kind of afford nicer things look at the price tag last a little bit but it was still like nothing crazy 10 15k per month at that point I really started to be a bit more chill about overall living and being like very certain that I have like every expense covered. I I don't have to really like worry about the day-to-day stuff what I want to do there in Hungary cuz it's like [ __ ] cheap. And then like once I started like just scaling from like 18k to 90k once I hit these revenue numbers now I'm like okay I have to think about how do I manage this money what I do about taxes to not have to pay a bunch of money what I do about investments. So there's a little bit of like hassle that goes into this but it's like I've always wanted to get rich. I want to get a lot more rich. Not complaining or anything. It's crazy like what it provides the lifestyle. I can I'm here in Bali in like a villa with like two other business owners where I can travel wherever I want. I just basically can do most of the things that I ever wanted. >> Isn't that a cool feeling? It's been like 8 years. I've like had money for 7 8 years now. So I forgot what it was like to like feel that for the first time. But you're like feeling that for the first time. It's kind of like such a turbocharged level of elation. You're like, "Holy [ __ ] I'm rich. Like I can do literally anything I want." It's so fun. And then what happens over time, and you'll obviously see this, you'll chase that feeling forever. And the only way to ever feel it again is to make more and more and more and more and more money. Like it may seem like $90,000 in a month, which I'm sure is for you is something like $50,000 a month in profit or something like that. You'll find that like now you need to make $100,000 a month in profit and then you have to do 150 and then you have to do 200. It just keeps going up each like step up. It's a wholly different life you start to experience and then like you obviously want to invest your money and save it and then like if the market's doing well then you're also making money over there and it's like wow holy [ __ ] This is just like completely absurd. It's like a really fun journey to be on over the course of a very long time. >> Definitely excited for this. >> If you were to talk to someone who's they're doing like freelance [ __ ] or they really haven't even started and they're watching this video or they just make like substantially less money than you, what are some like really important tips or like things that you would tell people that they need to understand in order to get to where you are? >> The foundation I would say for sure is just like don't stop. It's like I had like a lot of moments where I could like easily have stopped. It was a bunch of things weren't like going right at various points in the journey. I could have easily sucked and if I were to do that like nothing else would matter. So like I think that's kind of the number one thing and like if people have that like it's hard to [ __ ] up like after certain time they will figure it out if they have the motivation and just don't stop. Apart from that I think for service based businesses and all of that stuff the the biggest thing is just doing good work in a way where you're conscious about who you're attracting and who you're like work for and like really doing good work for them cuz like my whole key was sure I was doing the gym. I was doing everything but I was doing good work that eventually was what led me to like that referral. So then like more referrals and then like this whole sort of domino effect. So I think it's a big cheat code overall just like do very good work especially in like one niche and if you can do that and just do the right inputs at the beginning outreach code email whatever then as you like scale more and more you look into like other stuff and just scale from there no reason why you can't make it and just scale to the moon at least that's what I saw. So yeah that's what I would say. >> All right I appreciate you coming on brother sharing everything with us. If you're watching this and you want to connect with some, I'm going to leave his links in the description. You can check those out. And if you want to start your own AI assisted agency where we will show you what to sell, who to sell it to, how to get clients, and how to fulfill for those clients with AI, that'll be the first link in the description. You go check that out. Thanks so much for coming on, bro. I appreciate it. I appreciate you, bro.