TITLE: Case Study: He made 50k with an AI Assisted Agency in 3 months
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbaRdGJIY0Q
VIEWS: 2765 | DURATION: 00:22:17
DATE: 2026-01-05T15:15:04.000Z
================================================================================

All right, everybody. Welcome. I got my boy Cameron here. And if I'm correct, you've been in AI assisted agency for three months now. And in those three months, you've made about $50,000. Is that right? >> That's right. >> All right. Cool. So, in this video, we're going to talk about kind of like your origin stories, what you do, how you got to this point of making that much, what you're selling, and all that kind of stuff. But just as a quick disclaimer to everybody, I'm not claiming that these are the numbers that every single person who joins a program is going to get. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that 20% of businesses fail in their first year and 65% of businesses fail within 10 years. You have a higher probability of failing than you do succeeding. It's just my job to give you the information of the people who are succeeding and help you personally. It's still possible you fail. So, let's get into this. Last 3 months, you've made $50,000. What did you sell? Who' you sell it to? Like, how do you get paid 50 grand? And what does that work? Like, how much did a client pay you kind of for someone who's like doesn't run a business at all and they're just getting started into this? Like, what did you do here? >> Yeah. So, it's been a mixture of CRO conversion rate optimization for e-commerce businesses and then also email marketing for them as well as some migrations like some development work. It's basically those two things. It's CRO and Shopify development and e-commerce email marketing. >> How did you get into this? What what made you pick doing this >> in general or in the AIAA context >> in the AIA? >> Yeah, so basically I wanted to earn a lot more money than I was making and had done a bunch of other things over the previous decades. I had been working with clients that were doing e-commerce for a couple years. All the jobs were very different, very spotty. I had always had an interest in conversion optimization and it aligned with my ability to do development work for e-commerce clients. And a lot of times they were asking me to do things that were supposed to make them more money anyways. And so I figured I should probably just figure out how to determine what those are. And then I can of course make the development changes and actually build the stuff on their themes on their Shopify stores. And then I was finding that a lot of my clients were actually too small to benefit from CRO cuz they didn't have the traffic and the revenue. So they needed e-commerce, email marketing as well. And then of course as that helped them scale, then it made more sense to do CRO for them. There's a recurring aspect to email. And then once you drive revenue, you can scale traffic. Once you can scale traffic, you can do more CRO. >> So just your origin story. So you at some point you were working some normal job and then you quit to do some freelance type stuff, but you just couldn't figure out how to like scale up the freelance stuff. Is that all right? >> Yeah. I'd found a an online course that was like 1,500 bucks that was basically how to do Shopify, but also how to find clients at the same time. And then I blew through that and did like the first four weeks of it. And then you start pitching people and I was doing that. But it was all freelance like you said and it was all very mixed. So it was there might be a migration here. There could be some custom development over here. There could be a product input over there. You kind of never get specialized. You never really have any control over like how many kind of deals you get cuz you're all at the m at the mercy of Upwork. And I would pitch every single person that was on there. So I was like running out of jobs to apply to. Plus it was all hourly which is all horrible. And so they had a program in that where it was like just raise your rates more often. And I tried doing that and that made me some more money. But it was basically I was just still at the whim of doing hourly rate for strangers who didn't know what they wanted. They were too small. They didn't make much money. And so I needed to figure out how can I actually grow this because there's no more volume. I can't scale with this at all. So I was starting to look around for something else. >> So how did you end up solving this? So you joined our stuff now. What did you figure out that was able to unlock you making 50 grand in 3 months? Like how does that work? Yeah, I think the two biggest levers were the kind of outreach that we do in AI assisted program and in client ascension, the cold email. That was a total night and day change. I had never even heard of it before. I didn't know people do it and I certainly was not going to figure out how to do it anytime soon. But like the course material is just point click do this and then eventually it's done and then you're running doing that, setting it up with the offer system of like how to actually structure an offer because I'll think there's a million different ways and it's like I'll never know which one is a good place to start. And then the value stacking as well has been like the major other aspect to it because >> that was basically the first and second in the course of a couple weeks $8,000 contracts that I got signed were me saying okay look there are three different $3,000 programs here that should go together because they work together well for your business and you can pay for all them up front for $1,000 off and that was one then that was two that technically brought an extra 12k in one month it would have been 16k except one of those businesses they have 30-day net terms sort of split the difference with me give me 4K up front and 4K 30 days later. They still got the $1,000 off though, so they're lucky. But so there's basically those three things. I mean, that was more money than I had made certainly than I took home in the previous year. Yeah. By a long shot. And in years past, it was more than I made in total. >> Then going back to like those previous years where you just weren't What were you taking home a year before you started doing all this? If you're comfortable sharing that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It depends a lot on the year because I had done a lot of things to try basically to not make money. I just had a lot of doter mentality kind of stuff. Shouldn't work at corporations, profit is evil kind of mentality, all that sort of stuff. Probably the best paying job I had was 58K. I think it would maybe up to 63K and that was working at a nonprofit as a program manager with a bunch of different projects underneath me and I worked there for about a year. But part of my job was to set up the budgets for the coming year. And so I could see what the founder and also head of the organization was making and it was total comp of like 120 and I thought I want to have a family in California. There's no way I can aspire to 120 whenever this person decides to retire 10 years from now or house forever. And so I was like well I have to figure something else out. And so that was what got me to look around for programs and then I found the one that was Shopify and Upwork and that end of 2021. >> So was that kind of your reasoning or like breaking point I guess you could say was like I want to have a family. There's literally zero possible way I can do it making this much money. >> Yeah. My wife and I, we had our first kid 9 months earlier. And I also knew I wanted to work from home. I knew I wanted to have a lot more opportunity. Basically every job that I've worked at, I've had observations where it's like, well, hey, we're doing this thing this way. What if we tried something else? Then we could save time or money or make more money. And just very often people were not interested in taking advice, which makes sense. I was a subordinate. Who cares? But I knew I wanted to make a lot more money and I knew I wanted to make my own hours and I knew I wanted to be able to try different ideas and actually see if they worked and not just be sort of hamstrung by people who run businesses and actually don't want to scale or succeed. >> Yeah. So, personally, when I thought about doing all this, my thing was like, dude, I literally just cannot work for a boss. I can't be required to clock into these times. I can't have to put in a request for time off. That's literally the worst thing I could ever imagine. I just literally hate that so much. I have to be independent. That was my motivation at least. But it kind of tying into that, the investment into this program is not small. So, were you nervous about the financial commitment here? Like, how did you go about processing that in your head that led you to the conclusion that this was worth it that you should at least try it? >> Well, do you want to know about CA or AIA? >> AIA. >> That one was clear cuz I was in CA. I had already been trying to use AI for a bunch of different things and I've been trying to, you know, work scripts and stuff like that and just uh I knew that people were getting results with it somewhere somehow and since I'd already been in client ascension for some time, I knew that you guys would deliver and so that was actually really pretty straightforward for me. >> Let's go back to like before your first inception of ever working with us cuz like you had bought a $1,500 thing. Our stuff is more than $1,500 like way more than that. How did you go through that thought processes in your head before you knew really knew us? It was just basically I did that that first program all those years ago. That was a big chunk for me because I had gone to college and got a degree and of course spent years and tens of thousands of dollars not getting a degree I was actually going to use. But there's all this stigma about online education and I'd probably spent a couple hundred bucks here and there on random stuff on like Corsera or whatever. Never used it, never got any results. But then I tried that one and it was like this taught me part of it was a comprehensive package and it was like okay well this is going to be how to actually get clients and how to do the thing and client ascension. I saw your videos and then I like rabbit holed the heck out of your videos. Can I curse on this? Rabbit hold the show. >> Yeah. Yeah, you're good. >> I have always been skeptical. There's no way. This doesn't make any sense. Like what this guy is talking about, what you were talking about in those videos really specific. There was even a guy actually named Cameron who did Shopify development or did new websites which was Annie. And what he was talking about just made sense. It was like and also I was at a place where I knew I need to figure out how to get customers. People do this some way. I don't know how. I'm maxing Upwork every sing days a week a lot of times. You know, I would still I would get up early and I would like do all my pitches and presentations. I would do Loom calls for Loom videos for people. It worked. There wasn't enough deal flow. So, when I saw that program, I was like, I need to get into this. I need to figure out some way to get into this. For me, it was just like it was very obvious that this was a comprehensive system that wasn't just going to give me one part of what I needed. It was going to give me all the parts that I needed of how to actually set these things up, how to do outreach, how to structure your offers. All of those are specific questions that I had. I always think of it in terms of like overthinking where it's, well, okay, what about this combination with that? And there's sort of a fractal question for me. It's like, well, what about pricing? Should I go super low and then go high later? Should I go high and then downell? And all those questions are sort of paralyzing for me. So, it's like knowing that there was a program that was comprehensive was super key for me. >> You had already concluded all the thought processes in your head. They're like, I'm doing this and I just have the questions and I need the questions answered. There's like a significant amount of people who are like they don't even know if they want to do this at all, which is super interesting to me. I met with somebody else, an interview with Matt. There's a category of human out there who like legitimately actually believes that something like client ascension or AI assisted agency that we sell, any kind of business program like that, they actually believe it's an outright scam that they are under the impression that every single person does not get results and it's almost like you get their money and then you just you never talk to them ever again. There's zero deliverables of the product. Like they genuinely actually believe this. What do you say to those people? Both you and I clearly know this to not be true. I wouldn't know anything if I didn't buy courses. Literally like how I learned that like where else do you learn the stuff? It's almost like saying the library is a scam. What do you say? It's like that's where the knowledge is. Some people don't have unuse knowledge. I buy business books all the time that are completely useless. It's just like nonsense garbage. What would you say to someone thinking about buying my stuff specifically and they're like a hyper skeptical person? there's just no way that this is real. There's no way that this can actually happen. Like what would you tell this person? >> The first thing is just that in business there just aren't guarantees in the first place. And so you have to like level set reality, which is that even if you have a job, you could just get fired. It happens all the time. I got a four-year degree at college, never used it. I use it on applications for having a degree, but I never worked in that industry. What would I say to someone to convince them? They just have to accept that you're going to have to learn some things. You're going to have to figure out there probably are some bad courses out there. I also dropped I think another $1,000 in something else. I didn't use it that much. Other people are in that guy's community. They seem to be making money, getting stuff out of it. It didn't have enough structure for me. That was like a whole other thing. You really just need to try things. Watching all the different testimonial videos, I could tell because I had been grinding against this like deal flow issue for like a year and a half, two years, just working all the time and so on. It's like I knew some kind of idea of what I needed. There was a lot more that I needed to know that I then found out coming into the programs. You just have to decide that you're going to try stuff. have to decide if you're trying to work out and lose weight, if you're trying to make any other change in your life, if you're trying to reach out to some lady or some guy that you think is going to be the one or whatever, like you just have to decide that you're going to try something and then you have to try really hard. I mean, I'm sure there are programs that don't work. I would just say watch all the testimonial videos because all those are people. I've met some of them. I've actually bought courses from some of those guys and they were really helpful and I use Maxan stuff. For instance, first met him in here was asking when he was going to have his course, bought his course when it came out and I used it for some of the email stuff and then it's also in AI assisted. You just have to believe in yourself. >> Did you ever think what if you just paid a bunch of money and it was just like complete Were you scared about that? >> You guys have terms, right? So, I didn't have to Yeah. This is what people don't understand is there's a money back guarantee. >> There's a money back guarantee, but it was also I don't know if you're still doing this, but it wasn't all upfront either. So, I knew that I'd have a month and then another month and then another month of actually doing this and seeing if people provide results, answer questions. I do all this stuff. I was already working all the time and so I just worked a little bit less all the time on the other stuff. Worked on this and so it was like basically on the call when I was working with your guy. It was just like well I'm not putting all the money up front. It was also pretty straightforward. I knew that if I could sell two or three people a month ever was already going to work. It was already going to make money. And then the AI aspect we were talking about that specifically. It was like well if I can just fulfill twice as fast or even 50% as fast. The actual dollar amounts are large compared to rent or compared to overhead or whatever. But when you compare it to just getting one more client per month or fulfilling in half the time per project, it's a total no-brainer if you're just looking from a business perspective. >> When you first joined us, so we first started to work together, what were the first one to two steps you took to get this being able to sign client? How did that process evolve? >> Yeah, I mean, I followed through the coursework, you know, talked to you, got a better offer lined up. Like I've always said about your stuff specifically, it's incredibly valuable to know which questions just have good answers. you can just act on them and which questions you have to test. Being able to sort of say this is what I do. What do you think? What's a good offer? And you're like, look, this is where you start. That saved me 6 months of like trying all this different stuff from million different YouTube videos this that and not being consistent because I don't know if I'm doing a good idea in the first place. And then just doing that and then getting the VSSL up, running the cold email, starting off every single day by just responding to those cold email responses and then following the sales. I mean, it was a script that we worked out with, I guess it was Drew at the time, but just did that. I like talking to people. my sales calls will be like 2 hours long because I'm like undisiplined and chatty and I get along with people and that works out. >> How long did it start to take working when you first joined? >> Yeah, I think I signed either in April or May and I just looked it up before our call. The first person I signed was mid June. It was pretty quick. The offer advice and how to structure the offers was like bang on. There's a thing where being outside of like this worldview and this knowledge, you think to yourself, you think about something like a performance offer and you think like will that work? Will it work? And it's like, well, for cold email, 99% of people you're never going to hear from the first place, but from people who see it is a no-brainer. And so people are either too busy for a no-brainer or they're not. And then if they're not too busy for a no-brainer, they will just say yes. It's not something magical about it. You kind of can't word it wrong unless catastrophically fail the sentence structure. Like these things just do work. You can just say, "Look, you won't pay me unless you get results for these kinds of offers or you only pay me like a small setup fee." And for businesses, 500,000, 2,000, 3,000 is not that much money. It just worked. It's the same thing I tell to people too where it's like it's like, "Oh, that's a lot of money to invest." I'm like, "Dude, you don't understand. There's a money back guarantee." If you do the thing and it doesn't work, you get your money back. The only variable here is whether you're going to do the thing. And it's not even like an astronomical amount of stuff. It's so easy to sign them. The analogy I like to give people and that I just started using was like if you plant a seed in some soil, you water it and it has some sunlight, it just grows. The growing is income. Your offer is the seed. Like if you have a dead seed, it's a bad offer. And if you don't open the roof to make sure there's sunlight, that's traffic. If you have a good offer and you make people aware of the offer, you make sales. You just do. It just is what happens. What I try to make people understand is what you're buying is nondud seeds and like water and sunlight for the plant. That's what I'm selling you. And it's like you just need to make sure that you're watering the plant and like making sure the sunlight is getting in the roof. That's what you're doing. I'm giving you the seed and I'm giving you the water. You just do the watering. I try to explain that to people. It's like, I don't know if it's going to work. was like, "Well, if it doesn't work, you get your money back." You have to do the outreach, though. Like, there's obviously stipulations. You can't just like off and do nothing and expect your money back. And you do that same kind of process to clients. You just sign so many. It's pretty cool. What do you think from this point of you starting to where you are now? What do you think was like the most challenging part of this whole process? >> It's personal. It's basically two factors. One is just avoiding shiny object syndrome. And even just within the business, I don't look at crypto anymore. I tried to do that a couple years ago. I made a little bit of money. It was cool. But you can't take time off cuz all of your stuff could dump. So I don't do shiny objects center with stuff outside of the business. But there's always something else to work on in the business, right? You can always catch up on bookkeeping. You can always rewrite something. You can always keeping focused on what is actually the next bottleneck in the business and just trying to like focus on that. That was challenging for me. And then on the other side of it, it was just the minimum cash flow demands of having a family and living in California. Stuff is expensive. Cash flow would be like 4x starting out if I was a bachelor not having that. But of course, I wouldn't trade it. It's basically like every single thing that has been actually challenging to figure out in the business has basically been two or three coaching calls until it's pretty much solved. Things that were like what do I do about this or just basically okay what you do is you look at the coaching call calendar and you find the next coaching call that person is talking about that and then you go on there and you ask them and if you message them immediately and see if you can get a response early and you can put in the channel and see if you can get a response early. You can do all three of those things and you'll probably get an answer even before the next coaching call. And then you can actually do something, try it, and whatever you thought was a bottleneck is probably not a bottleneck anymore. Those have been the most challenging things is just like getting the advice, taking the advice, and then trying to stay focused. >> In my bottlenecks training, yeah, that's like a concept where people are like, you think you have this problem, you don't. It's this. You think your problem is all this. It's literally not even that. It's you're not doing this. It's actually so interesting. >> I've watched that a bunch of times. There are times when I'm in my head, I'm like, this is a fear. This is not a real thing. This is actually me just being afraid. What happens if I actually do this? or it happened recently where I was thinking, okay, I need to I do probably need to like redo my VSSL cuz the offer has changed a little bit, but it's probably not the bottleneck. Like the bottleneck is really sending more volume, but that's actually not quite right because I I can't actually handle the volume I have right now. So like I need to implement more of the AI assisted program to get fulfillment to go faster. That's the actual thing. Even just that process that I've watched a couple times has been really helpful to just say like what is going on here? Okay, it's not that, it's not that. If I tripled outreach, could I actually handle that? No, I'm behind on client stuff right now. Okay. Faster. So that means more AI assistance. >> It goes to root causes. It's not like you're a doctor where it's like you just give someone a pill because of a symptom. It's like, you know, let's eliminate the symptom at all, which is can never happen ever again. You're making pretty good money now. Has anything changed? You've had a good 3 months >> in life. A lot less stress about things cuz we're hitting at like a revenue clip that I don't have to juggle finances, which is really awesome. >> That's [laughter] awesome. That's awesome. And then also getting those two biggest contracts signed were just all my previous contracts were for like two or three thousand and then realizing I could just sell three months at a time. I could sell three different services that are complimentary. Most of my clients don't have the other two out of the three anyways. They actually need it. I'm just giving them more of what they need. I can fulfill it. It's more money. Like that really sort of changed my perspective on what was possible. And a lot of that came from seeing other guys in the winds channel talking about their 8,000 12,000 $16,000 upfront contracts. I'm like what the f are these people doing? I didn't expect to be making whatever it was 24,000, you know, in a month ever. I mean, it's in the plan right now. My goals are more than that. I didn't expect to see it that early. >> I think a lot of people think that they'll get to like a certain level of revenue before they've like started a business and really started having seeing any kind of success. They think that they'll get to a revenue level and they'll be like, "No, I'm going to get there and I'm just going to be chill." And that's just not what happens. It's like almost every single person is like, "No, let's keep it more." You think you'll like want to stop at a certain level, but literally no one does. You just want to keep going. theoretically could hang around like 15k 20k a month in profit and literally work like 20 hours a week. You like physically can't do that. You refuse to do that and you just have to scale into it. You're like, well, if I can make $24,000 in a month, like why can't I make 58,000 in a month? I should be able to do that. And then you see other people doing that and you're like, well, I'll just do what they're doing. And one day you're just there and you're like, oh Pretty weird. So imagine you're speaking to someone watching this video right now and they're in the exact position you were before. Maybe they're still working just a job and they haven't started their business yet. They do like a little freelance stuff on the side. Maybe they're in the same position as you like. They're not signing people really like consistently. There's no real actual predictable client acquisition system that can scale. What would you tell this person as like a piece of advice to get out of their bad situation? >> I can tell you exactly because there's a fellow freelancer that I have worked with a bunch of times who does SEO and he's been like really great guy. you know, we chat offline and stuff like that and I've tried to get him in a couple times. The main issue that he and that I used to he does still and I used to have is you're like always grinding trying to find clients, not having a reliable way to get clients and to know how to get clients and then always having to sort of suffer the es and flows of whatever referral or Upwork or Fiverr acquisition channel. Maybe it sounds like an infomercial, but like it does not have to be that way. This is like the black and white scene where it's like it doesn't have to be this way, you know, whatever. But it really just doesn't have to be that way. And there are all these questions about how do you structure your offer? You know, like he's still structuring his offers are just hourly and he just tells clients that he's an expert at SEO, which he is, and he's just going to figure all the stuff out. I don't actually refer work to him anymore because I found a guy in Client Ascension who does SEO who could answer the question of what is the 8020 that someone needs for a,000, 2,000, 3,000 rather than just sort of billing hourly for a bunch of stuff. Get what's the highest impact stuff? And like that's a question of structuring an offer and a set of deliverables, which client ascension and AI assisted do. And so like not having those questions of how do I structure this offer? What's the most valuable thing? How much should I be charging? Where should I find clients? How do I get them consistently? Like there are just best-in-class answers. And yeah, you can probably find them over the course of 30 hours of YouTube videos, but there's no accountability. There's no money down. There's no coaching. There's no support. You have no idea if it's going to work. And even if it's all good advice, the advice needs to be coherent. There are complimentary sets or stacks of technology. You can do cold email, but if you don't do enough of it, you're never going to see results. So, you need someone to say, there's a minimum threshold. You won't see results here. And here's a coach who can actually answer your questions about you're doing it wrong or you're doing it right. You can do dream 100 and get results, but if you're not hitting the certain volume, you're never going to know. You're never going to get results out of it. Even if you're doing it better than anyone else, you just never know. You can actually get answers to those questions and you don't actually have to just keep being in a sort of precarious billing hourly and then giving up billable time to go find new clients. It doesn't have to be that way. And then once you get on the other side of that, you know, you're sort of stepping back from the outreach as much just because you're not doing, at least the way I was doing all this manual outreach, you can charge more. Once you get out of that problem, you can also charge more. You can also make more. Then you can also scale like we were talking about. And a lot of that procarity you were saying a second ago about once you get to 15K or whatever, maybe you think you want to stay there, but then you start thinking about like, well, how much is the industry going to change over the next 6 months? I should probably make more now and then save. And then maybe you want to buy a house, maybe you want to buy a bigger house. Like there's always more cool stuff you can do in your life. There's a long list of cool stuff to do, right? Travel everywhere, maybe fly private someday. You don't have to have the precariousness forever. There actually is a way to figure it out and it is here. >> So, final question. Was it worth it? >> Yeah, that's what the QuickBooks says. All my stuff goes in QuickBooks anyways, so I'm like already doing the bookkeeping on it. It's like 2 or 3 or 4x the money. It can't be that small. It has to be more than that. >> Yeah, it's it's more than that. Yeah, >> a lot more personally experience. >> Appreciate you, bro. Everybody watching this, if you want to connect with Cameron, his links will be in the description. Whatever he wants to put in there, I'll put in there for him. And if you want to join as well, that'll also be a link in the description. Go.clientassinscension.ai. It'll be down there and you can check that out. Cameron, thanks for coming on, bro. Appreciate you.