TITLE: How I'd take an AI Assisted Agency to $50,000/mo as fast as possible
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCp_dNwUDMw
VIEWS: 11518 | DURATION: 00:13:08
DATE: 2025-09-17T17:30:14.000Z
================================================================================

Okay, here's how to take an AI assisted agency to $50,000 per month as soon as possible. This is going to be a step-by-step blueprint video. So, in my previous two videos I just posted, we established three things. The first is that the old model running agency is on its last leg. AI has actually given the old model its death sentence. The profit margins of an old agency model are too small. It's too expensive to acquire a customer and it's too expensive to hire people for the amount of work that needs to be done to actually have a good offer that commands a lot of money per client in the first place. And then AI can automate 90% of your fulfillment work at 80% gross profit margins. Meaning you can run 30 to 50k a month AI assisted agencies with 1 to three people instead of 10 to 12. So all the people you see online bragging about their 30k a month agency are taking home like 3k a month in profit after taxes. They're broke and their business is screwed. And so is yours if you don't immediately pivot. Every single thing you're doing to be utilizing AI. So before I get into the actual meat of this video, who am I? My name is Daniel Fazio. I'm the co-founder of Client Incension List. My partners and I built a sevenfigure agency. Took that capital turned into an 8 figureure software company and coaching company. We've done over $25 million in cash collected. Recently, we're valued at 48.6 million. Have invested more than 1 million of our own cash into AI stuff. Here's just some screenshots. If you add in PayPal, wires, and other processors, we've done over $25 million. So, here's what this video is about. If I lost everything and had to start over at zero with no clients and no connections, what would I do to reach $50,000 per month as fast as possible with an AI assisted agency? Just to show you some screenshots here, we got my boy Robbie over here. He did 66K in cash collected with an AI assisted ads and funnels agency. Oliver over here did his first 30K a month doing the same thing. Dane closing some 5K a month retainers. Kai with a 7.5K builds. You got John over here doing 45K in a month. And this was just pulled from a single day inside of our wins channel. I could sit here and build the whole thing out, but this is completely absurd how well this is working if you execute it correctly. So in the last video we said in order to make the maximum amount of money possible with an AI assisted agency, the business model needs to have three things. The first is that it needs to have high demand. So offers that businesses, specifically cold traffic, are actively purchasing right now and will continue to buy regardless of AI adoption. It also needs to be AI friendly, meaning that 90% of the fulfillment can be automated or semi-automated to minimize the necessity of humans and needing to hire or manage them. If the work can't be done by AI, it defeats the entire purpose. And then three, needs to have recurring revenue. We need these business models with high LTV so that we can get rich without needing to sign hundreds of clients. You're trying to get rich by signing a couple dozen clients. You get what I'm saying? So given this, it leads us to five business models. So, a funnels, ads, copywriting agency, content agency, lead genen agency, ecom email agency, and then AI automation specific builds. With that said, to proceed forward, we need to pick just one of these. And the one I will pick is a funnels ads copywriting agency. I picked this one because I believe the things you learn in this model are integral to understanding growing any company in existence. And even if you were to choose another business model, it would still be worth knowing how to build all the stuff in a funnels and ads and copywriting agent, right? So, it's my belief that this model has the highest earning potential. So that's what I'll pick. Now that we have our business model, let's proceed. So step one is building an offer/product. So the niche I'm going to pick for this are online coaches and consultants. Anybody selling some form of high ticket coaching program, right? This is for three reasons. The total addressable market is massive. They're not geographically constricted. So they can sell their product to the entire world. And the prices are normally high, which means there's high customer LTV, making it easy to profit on advertising. Now, I need to build an actual product and offer. So here's what I'll go with for this. The offer is going to be, I'll build and launch your VSSL funnel for your coaching business and guarantee you make $50,000 in the next 60 days or you don't pay. Now, again, remember that I'm guiding this on the perspective that I have none of my results and credibility and that I'm a complete beginner with nothing. So, you might be thinking, I don't want to do all this work, then they launch and I don't make anything if it doesn't make 50K. Okay, so a couple things. You will set the contract up to be on a performance basis where you get paid in all the cash as it's made, right? Second, you won't be doing dozens of hours of work because again, AI is going to do 90% of the actual raw deliverable creation. You get what I'm saying? That's the whole point as to why this is an AI assisted agency specifically so you don't have to do that. You get what I'm saying? So, okay. Now, we need to map out what the product and deliverables actually are in this offer. This is where we need to map out the actual deliverables of the product. In this case, for a VSSL funnel buildout, here's what I would do. Here's what I would make my deliverables. The actual funnel buildout, so the landing page setup, the landing page design, the landing page copy. So like what is actually written on the landing page, the VSSL scripting, so actually writing the VSSL, editing the VSSL, ad scripting, so I'd do five bodies with five hooks in each body for 25 total ads. Then I do ad video editing. I do all the opt-in emails cuz I would make an opt-in VSSL funnel. I do the thank you page breakout videos, which are like one to two minute videos to answer frequently asked questions after somebody books a call. I do the post call booking emails. So when they schedule a call, like what actual emails do they get after that, I would do all the automations, connect all the apps together. So like Clickfunnels, Calendarly or ConvertKit using Zapier for instance. I do the ad pixel setup and I do some ads management and media buying. So AI agents and models are responsible for writing out all the VSSL scripts, the ad scripts, the landing page copy, the emails, the breakout videos, the post call booking emails, etc. You get what I'm saying? Then you simply use the already designed templates and copy those into the client's business. So this in the past would take, and I've done this before. I've sold optin via cell funnels for $28,000. Personally, I have done this. It used to take 30, 40 hours to do this. It was a whole project to do this, right? Now, it only takes 2 to 8 hours since everything can just be immediately deployed. That's what I'm trying to convey to you. That's what this means. That's what an AI assisted agency means. You're taking the stuff that already sells for a ton of money and you just use AI to create the actual deliverables of it. You get what I'm saying? So, we've established what our offer and our product actually is and the deliverables of the product. And obviously you'd have all the AI stuff built for this, right? You don't have it in the beginning. You don't have it right now. But when you work with me, obviously you do cuz I've already made it. The time from zero to like having an actual established product and offer goes from like multiple months to just like a week. That's what this means. You get what I'm saying? Step two. Now that we've done all this, right, we've gone from zero to having an actual offer and product to sell. Step two is creating your landing page and VSSL. Your landing page, VSSL are basically the front-end presentation of your offer to the marketplace. It's what everybody you outreach to is going to see. So we need to make it clear. What makes sales is having a good offer and clearly conveying it, not being pretty. So, our effort is going to be assembling every piece of persuasion that's required to get people to buy our from us. So, here's what that looks like. In order to get people to buy, we must do the following, right? We need to present an opportunity to them. In this, for instance, to the client, the opportunity is I'm going to build you a BSL and make you a lot of money. Right? That's the conversion mechanism that I will use and make for you so that you can make a lot of money. Right? So, we've presented this opportunity to them. Now, we need to convince them with evidence that the opportunity is a good idea for them. And then after that we need to make an offer or proposition to them facilitate the opportunity for them. We do this via using ROI calculators using client case studies or case studies about the opportunity itself irregardless of your own personal results and three explaining the logistical intensity involved in getting their results and that you will do exactly that for them. Logically thinking this is how you generally want to structure a VSSL. So you have an attention grabbing headline either a direct claim of the result you can get them a strong value proposition or something genuinely intriguing. And it needs to be immediately clear what it is exactly you do. The second part is the expected results your prospect can possibly achieve. So case studies or ROI calculators just to show you an example of like what an ROI calculator looks like. This is one for instance for ads analyzing lifetime value and how you can profitably acquire clients with that. So you just need something like this. I've already pre-built like a bunch of these and show you how to do this depiction or graphical representations of how your system works. So the actual system/process you're building for them represented graphically with a flowchart so they can see like how does this look visually showing them what is going to occur. super important. So four is what deliverables your offer includes. We just went through that. Five is the call to action. And six is frequently asked questions. So the landing page that the VSSL is housed on can be just the VSSL with a button below it to schedule a call. So you could have a page where it's literally just the VSSL then a button to schedule a call below. Or sometimes you might want to write out in text what the VSSL already says in itself. Then the landing page is basically just repeating what's already in the VSSL. What you got to understand is that what you say in the VSSL just is the whole encapsulation of what the prospect needs to understand in order to come to the buying conclusion in the first place. Therefore, it would make sense that on the landing page below the VSSL, you just are writing what is already in the VSSL. You get what I'm saying? Let's take this a step further to help you like really understand how cohesive this actually is. What you say on a sales call is also what the VSSL already is. Does that make sense? Everything you did in the VSSL is to convince them to buy. Well, what do you say in the sales call now? everything that's already on the VSSL because what's on the VSSL is what is required to get them to buy. So therefore, you get on a sales call and it's just a manual deliverance of what you've already said on the VSSL. That's why I set it up in a fashion with my students when they first start is that the VSSL doc you make is your sales deck. It's super complicated for a beginner to close high ticket packages if you're not like really confident in it yet. You just need a deck. Like you just need to screen share a deck that kind of walks you through what to say and like what you're saying at each point. Therefore, when you work with us, for instance, in our AI assisted agency program, we just make the VSSL deck with you and that also is your sales deck that you say on calls. It's super cohesive and makes everybody's life like significantly easier. Step three is doing outreach and signing clients. So, there are three ways in existence that you can sign clients and then I'm going to show you the dream 100 prospect automation research. So, outreach is no or low money. It's high effort, it's fast, and it scales linearly. Content is no or low money, it's high effort, it's slow, and it scales infinitely, right? ads is high money, medium effort, it's fast and it scales linearly. But because we're operating under the assumption that you have low money, then we're going to use our time. It means we're going to do two methods. First is dream 100 outreach and the second is automated cold email. You're going to start with dream 100 outreach, right? So this is where we do direct DM outreach to prospects and give them a free deliverable in order to showcase your expertise. We're going to pair this with a direct offer that we made earlier. So first off, here's an automation that automatically researches your prospects and then writes personalized DMs, right? This is just one of the dozens, it'll soon be hundreds of automations that you get access to when you work with me directly for this, right? We've already made all these for you. We combine this with an AI model that's trained on already created deliverables. It takes the information of the prospect, you feed it, and creates deliverables that are a high enough quality to pass as being created manually. Let's say our offer again is an opt-in VSSL funnel. And what we're going to do for Dream 100 is give people a VSSL script as like our free deliverable like and then also a doc that like basically explains the whole funnel to them. So you're going to have like a funnel explainer doc plus a VSSL script and you're basically saying to them, "Hey, I made this for you." Like I did a bunch of research on you and I made this for you. Right? So in the past, what you had to do with Dream 100 is manually create these. Right now what you can do is use an AI model trained on actual deliverables, have a research agent research the client, and then just auto spin these up. You used to have to spend like 2 to 4 hours on a single like free deliverable that you're doing inside of Dream 100. That's not a thing anymore. You just AI the whole thing and you could just spew these out to like an extremely high volume compared to what you previously had to do. That's the method you're using to get your first couple clients. You can legitimately reach 30K a month just off of doing this. Like that's it. And then beyond that, you would do automated cold email outreach without the deliverable, which is basically you just saying the direct offer. It's like, "Hey, I can guarantee you $50,000 building you opt in VSSL funnel. Do you want to hear more? I can send you explain to your doc of everything that I would build for you." That's what you would say is something like that. And you'd send like a,000 to 5,000 cold emails per day just completely automatically and have an SDR like manage your responses. But because you can automate this, because you can make the deliverables entirely produced with AI, you would legitimately sign multiple5 to $10,000 per month clients just doing this. This is one of the most powerful strategies of all time because you can AI this. Now, step four, how to figure this all out in 30 days, right? Here's probably all the questions you probably still have. How do I get access to these pre-trained AIs? How do I even build the automations? What are the exact deliverables I should give in each offer? What are all the offers that I should promote? Who should I sell them to? How do I package my offer and product? How much do I charge? How do I get the clients? How do I conduct the sales process if I'm just a beginner and getting started? How do I see examples of exactly what to do for a client? Started today. Our new offer is live. We've been working on it for the past 6 months. There's a new program that would teach you how to make an AI assisted agency and sell three to 10K a month clients where AI does 90% of the work for you at 80% plus gross profit margins. Here's just a sneak peek of everything that's included. Completely built out course and coaching to run all the best AI business models. Pre-trained AIs that are capable of executing all client fulfillment work for all deliverables of each of the business models. Pre-made offer packaging, pricing, and deliverables for each business model. Pre-made websites and contract templates for each offer. Pre-made sales decks for each offer. Licensing access to all of our AI tools you need to fulfill for clients in the first place already pre-built for you. one-on-one coaching, group coaching, and private group access. I've done a for you called email system built out so you can immediately start booking calls. Again, dream 100 automations to spit out dozens of deliverables automatically, right? As we were just talking about before, there's tons of stuff. If you want to build a profitable AI business in the next literally 30 days, click the first link in the description down below and go through that funnel to book a call with us. This is probably the single best opportunity that has arisen in the past 10 to 20 years in terms of making money on the internet. A completely absurd opportunity with AI right now. So, if you are interested in starting an AI assisted agency as fast as humanly possible and getting access to every single thing that you would need, even if you're a complete absolute beginner, you have never sold anything before in your life, go click the link in the description, go through that funnel. I have a VSSL. It's going to ask you to opt in and then I have a video I made explaining the whole offer and a whole page with all the details that you'll need. So, click the first link in the description. I'll see you over there.