TITLE: How I'd sign my first AI Assisted Agency client in 2 weeks (exact client acquisition blueprint)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbAj7Yl_a-s
VIEWS: 5337 | DURATION: 00:16:59
DATE: 2025-11-18T17:01:06.000Z
================================================================================

This is how to sign your first AI assisted agency client in two weeks. So, in my previous videos, we've talked about what offers to sell, how to find a niche for your brand new AI assisted agency from scratch, and in this video, we're going to be talking about the method of how you will actually sign these clients. So, how do you even acquire them in the first place? So, before we move on, at the first link of the description of this YouTube video, you're going to find a page where you can download a list of 500 niches you can target, a list of 50 offers you can sell, and then a mega AI prompt that fully maps out the deliverables and how to actually execute the service for each niche and offer combination. So, all of that you can download for free at the first link in the description of the YouTube video. So, after you've done that, in this video, here's what we're going to cover. we're going to do. I want to help you understand the niche-method concept of signing clients. Then I'm going to go over the three client acquisition methods you should do in your first three to five clients. And I'm going be talking about the KPIs that you should be looking for with each of these methods. So, if you don't know who I am, my name is Daniel Fazio. I'm the co-founder of Client Ascension and List. My partners and I built a seven-figure agency, then took that capital, turned it into an 8 figureure software company and coaching company. Done over $25 million in cash collected. Recently got valued at $48.6 million. We raised money for the software company at that valuation. Um, we've invested over a million dollars of our own cash into AI. Seen some really good results doing it. So, here's some screenshots. Um, if you add in PayPal and wires and other processors, it's over $25 million collected. So, I want to talk to you guys about the niche dash method concept. So, let me just go over a couple things here first. So, first off, you do not have a niche when you start. Like, you you just have no niche. You you have to stop listening to these people online who tell you the first step to starting a business is picking a niche. No, it's not. It literally is not. That's like it's a way far down the line of what you actually do. Your niche in the beginning is anybody who is willing to work with you. That's your niche, right? So, I talked about this in a previous video I made called the $15,000 LTV rule. I'll link that video down below in the YouTube description as well, so you should watch it. Therefore, your niche in the beginning are just companies that fit within the $15,000 LTV rule. So, I have a fourpage AI prompt that generates giant lists of these niches following the $15,000 LTV rule. And the best part about this is that these niches are not saturated. So, it's super easy to get responses from them. So, again, you can download that list in the first link of the YouTube description. So, I'll come back to this in a second, but now I want to go over methods, right? So now we also have methods. Methods are the ways you sign clients. It's it's literally the method of what you're doing to get the calls booked in the first place from the prospect. So that means we can have combinations that look like this. So we can have niche one with method one, niche two, method one, niche three, method one, niche four, method one, niche five, method one. Then we could do niche one method two, niche two, method two, niche three, method two, niche four, method two. We could do niche one method three, niche two, method three, niche three, method three. then you get the point. It's just a combination between what unique and niche are you trying to sign clients in and what is the way that you were trying to get the calls booked. You get what I'm saying? It's just a combination of the two. So, with that said, all you're doing is testing a different niche using a different client acquisition method and seeing which combination works the best. So, quick success note here. My students who get the fastest and best results are just the ones who test the most combinations the fastest. You get what I'm saying? Okay. So, what are the methods? Let's go over them. So, we're going to talk about client acquisition methods. Now, there are three groupings of how you can sign clients. And every method in existence is going to fall within these three groupings. So, anything you ever see online, oh, someone says this new client acquisition method or this this crazy new way of signing clients, every single one of them is going to fall within one of these three groupings. And there are zero exceptions to this. It's always one of these. So, let's go over each grouping real quick. Cold outreach, the time required to do cold outreach is high. The capital required is low. So, capital is money. The speed with which it works is fast. And it scales linearly. So, what that means is like if you stop doing it's going to stop working basically. Okay, so content the time required is high. The capital required is low, but it's super slow. It works very slow, but it scales exponentially. Like you can make a lot a lot a lot of money and get a lot of traffic with content if you stick with it for a while, but it's super slow, right? So now ads, the time required with ads is really low, but the capital required with ads is really high. It also works really fast and it only scales linearly. If you stop spending money on ads, then it stops working, right? Kind of the same as cold outreach. So 99% of you watching this have more time than you do capital, which means the two groupings available to you are cold outreach and content. This is the best possible allocation of your available resources right now because your available resources are time as opposed to money, right? But you probably also want fast results. Like you don't want to wait months for something to start working. So that leaves you with cold outreach, right? Okay. while I teach my students inside my programs. All three of these groupings and dozens of different methods. In this video, we're going to focus on just three cold outreach methods. Right? The three methods we're going to talk about all fall under cold outreach. These are the most relevant for you to do as a beginner, right? And this is this is what I have my students do in the beginning as well. So, you start with direct cold DMs or email and then you go to dream 100 and then you go to automated high volume cold email. We're going to talk about each of these really quickly. So a side note before we proceed through these. If you are sending to saturated niches that everybody on the planet tries to target like info or coaching or SAS or home service businesses, it will be extremely difficult for you to get good results, right? So what you want to do is target wildly obscure niches that nobody thinks to target. Like no one even would have conceived the existence of this niche at all. Therefore, this specific niche literally never gets pitched marketing services or AI services or services literally in any capacity at all. What does that mean? It means that the response rates on these people because they are never ever ever pitched is way higher like substantially higher. Right? Again, I have 500 of them that you can download for free at the first link in the YouTube description. So, let's go. Let's start going over each of these. So, direct cold DMs or email. Okay, so this is where you just directly give your offer to the person without any fluff. Like the message you're sending is is extremely just direct and straightforward. The email should be personally written to that person and just ask if they're interested in your offer. Okay, so here was an example message to a 1031 exchange business, which is an example of a wildly obscure niche that no average person would ever think to target and therefore you would have substantially higher results. So, this is all it says. Hey, Nicole, are you guys at 1031X? So, that was the name of the company. Looking to acquire more clients. Given the transparent pricing model and investor-driven approach, I think I could spin up some advertising funnels that bring in qualified portfolio owners fairly quickly. Let me know if that would be worth a chat. Now, what's important to note here is I I I just want to go over a quick analysis of this message here. This is two lines. This is super fast to read in the inbox. Like, you can't be sending these people paragraphs and paragraphs of [ __ ] You get what I'm saying? So, it's also saying this is referencing something they talk about on their website. They have a transparent pricing model and they have an investor-driven approach. So they they've said that themselves. They're self-described as that. So I'm referencing that. And then I said to bring qualified portfolio owners fairly quickly. Okay. Qualified portfolio owners are the description of the clients they're trying to acquire. So like you wouldn't want to just say I can get you more leads quickly or I can get you more calls booked quickly. You want to describe the way that they also describe their customer. you need to use their language, right? And then I said fairly quickly cuz I'm just not using like weird corporate just weird language where you just sound like a [ __ ] freak. You get what I'm saying? Like don't just speak like a normal human. You need to not do this thing where you sound like a corporate robot. Just speak like a normal human being and it will work way better. And the way that you can determine whether you sound like a normal human being in the message you write is to read it out loud. Does that make sense? Just read the thing out loud. If you would not say that in real life, don't say it in the email. You know what I'm saying? When people read, they're reading it as if you're saying it out loud. So like if you just write corporate jargon, weird [ __ ] nonsense, that's what they're going to think you are. You're just, you get what I'm saying? I'm using very casual language like fairly quickly because I'm trying to make it seem casual like I'm the actual human emailing them. You get what I'm saying? Okay. What you're going to do is you're going to send 20 of these messages per day to a new niche every day. Right? So, you're going to do this for 5 to 10 days straight with a new niche. You have 20 messages per day. And then you look back on the 5 to 10 days and you see which of these niches gave you the best responses. You will book calls doing this. I promise you will book calls doing this. The point here is that going back to the niche method concept, we've picked one method, right? We have method one. We're doing method one, niche one, method one, niche two, method one niche three, method one niche four, method one niche five, method one niche six, and we're just going down until we've done 10 of them. And then once we've done all 10, we're just assessing which one gave us the highest response rates. You get what I'm saying? Now, you can find the contact info for these people with an AI agent. I like to use Manis, right? This is the prompt I put into Manis. I say, "Find me 20 companies and the contact information for decision makers at 1031 exchange businesses. I would like the full names, position, email address, phone number, and maximum amount of contact information you can find for them. Manis will automatically find 20 people and their contact info for you. You should send them this message on both email and LinkedIn. And if you're really about it, cold call them. Now, another point I didn't put earlier is that say for instance you had picked home service businesses for some reason, which don't just try other obscure niches, but like you got to use your brain a little bit here. Home service business owners don't use their email, they use their phone. Therefore, the most efficient manner of contacting these people is by cold calling them. You get what I'm saying? It just makes more sense for home service specifically. I'm not telling you to go target home services business. What I am telling you to do is go download the list of 500 obscure niches and then randomly pick 10 niches from that list and then prospect to those people. Right? If you've watched this video and you have decided to just go do the niches that you otherwise already wanted to do, like I'm going to go do info or coaching, I'm going to go do SAS. I'm going to do home service. because after you've watched this video, you've entirely missed the point. You are failing to understand that the reason why I'm telling you to go to these obscure niches is so that you can get success faster. Like you're failing to compute that I'm trying like I'm warning you about traps in the road and I'm telling you where the traps are and to step away from the traps and you're like, "Oh yeah, thanks for the info, Daniel. I'm going to go ahead and be a [ __ ] [ __ ] and just walk straight into the spiky trap." Like, stop doing that [ __ ] You know what I'm saying? Like follow the directions I'm telling you to do. Like this is the most profused problem I see with beginners specifically. Like I'll say something and you like literally [ __ ] refuse to do what I'm telling you to do. Stop doing that. Like just do what I'm telling you to do. Okay, cool. So, let's go over Dream 100. You generally want to do this after you've gotten a signal from one of the niches up above. So, if you find out one of them is responding very well, just higher rate than the others, and a lot of them are open to your offer, like they're just engaging in a sales conversation, they're just showing interest, you want to lean more into that niche. You got you got a good positive signal. You want to lean into that cuz clearly it works. So, that's when you can crank this up and start doing dream 100. So, dream 100 is where you generate a free deliverable for people in the niche as an exemplification of your work. So, let's take this example we were using before of Nicole at 10:31X. So, here is an actual prompt I just put into Manis. Now, if you go download that thing in the first link in the description, you're going to get the link to this gamma doc as well. So, you can copy this prompt, but cuz it's a giant prompt. Like, I'm not going to sit here and go through the prompt. There's like a ninephase prompt, right? This whole prompt is to generate dream 100 deliverable words. It's a marketing strategy document. So, I put that prompt at the Manis and I gave him 1031X's website because it already had it had Nicole's LinkedIn and it conducted research on them. This is what it's spit out. So this is a 35page document that menace spit out and it took it like I don't know 2 minutes to make this. Get what I'm saying? So like this is your dream 100 doc. You send this to them and they're like hey this is what I would do for your company. You get what I'm saying? And then they're going to be like holy [ __ ] that's insane. Okay. So then you do this for a 100 companies and you give them these 35page do. You can make these [ __ ] like 100 pages if you want. You can even have Manis make like website mockups of like full sales pages. It's super cool. AI agents are awesome. If you do this right, you should be able to book 20 calls or so and sign three to five clients. That's a good KPI. If you sign like two clients from doing this for 100 people, that's really good. This was made by AI. Like this would take a human legitimately like 14 hours to make this. This is like a full work week of [ __ ] to do. Man did it in 2 minutes. You get what I'm saying? So you send that [ __ ] to a 100 people and you It's almost like you have to actively attempt to [ __ ] this up. It's of that caliber. You get what I'm saying? At this point, like you've done this, you've sent this to like 100 people, you've done this to 100 people. At this point, like assume you could have done this in like a week, like actually like super fast. So, at this point, if you haven't got a bunch of calls booked and signed some client, again, you have to have actively been attempting to [ __ ] this up, right? So, now at this point is when you go to automated high volume cold email after you've signed some clients doing this, you should be at like one to three or four clients at this point after you've fully lapsed through doing this. So, this is where you get a [ __ ] ton of domains and inboxes under those domains, tens of thousands of leads, and then automate sending thousands of messages per day. And this is what this graphically looks like. So, you have an admin panel and domains under those admin panels, and then inboxes under those admin panels. And then you distribute sending volume among these inboxes with your leads list. So, that's what my software company, Lisk, is for is to give these leads and and then you send a [ __ ] ton of those and you get paying clients. We set this whole system up for our students for free. We just have them cover the hard cost. Um, but we don't we don't charge them any money to set it up. But now, if you're doing logical math in your head, you're now sitting here thinking that if 100 dream 100 messages can sign you three to five clients, then sending tens of thousands of cold emails should sign you hundreds of clients. Unfortunately, it doesn't work like that. So, automated cold emails because they don't have the free assets like Dream 100 just don't work like that. Signing one client per 5,000 to 10,000 automated cold emails is a good number. This also isn't cheap to do. So, the minimum amount of spend to do this with should be around $600. Um, just for the amount of leads, domains, inboxes, and sending tool to actually do it. While we set this up for students so they don't have to do any technical stuff, it's recommended you start with about $600 uh a month. If you do anything less than that, it's really just completely useless. Automated cold email is just a way of shifting labor to capital because remember what I said earlier. So like the manual outreach and the dream 100 it's pretty much free. It's like manis is like $19 a month and you could [ __ ] you can make a hundred of those things with the amount of credits it takes. But it's time cuz you're doing the outreach. You know what I'm saying? Now at this point you sign clients and you have money. You have capital to deploy now. So you can do something like this with the capital. You get what I'm saying? You just start shifting the labor to capital. But I think what's important to know is like if your dream 100 is working, turn it into dream 200. Like there's zero reason to stop doing that. It doesn't make any logical sense. You get what I'm saying? So success guide here is to start off with 20 direct outreach messages per day to different niches and then once you get signal move to step two and then start making dream 100 docs with the hyperlong documents that are extremely valuable and use those as free assets to give to the prospects in your cold outreach to book calls. Once you're actively signing clients, add in automated cold email with a spend of about $600 a month. Now this this isn't visualized but I don't have this but like after you done this and you're signing a bunch more like you start to do ads, right? This video is more so beginners though, so that's why I haven't talked about that. So, okay. So, go to the first link in the description in the YouTube description to download a list of 500 niches you can target, a list of 50 offers you can sell them. Get a little bonus in there, a mega AI prompt that fully maps out the deliverables and how to actually execute the services for each niche offer combination. And then also a link to this gamma doc from the video so you can read through it and copy the stuff like the prompts and whatnot. If you got some value, leave a comment, leave a like, share this video. Click the share button and throw it in your Discord chat or your your school groups or whatever. Uh, that would be awesome. And if you got any questions, you can follow me on Instagram. I'll also leave the link to my Instagram. You can send me a message. If you send me an actual message, like an actual question about business, I I have a higher probability of responding. What I hate is when people pitch me irrelevant offers that clearly are not for me. It's just like automated messages. If you're asking me like an actual genuine question, I'll have a higher probability to respond, right? I'll leave the links to all that in the YouTube description below.