TITLE: How to use AI to find profitable agency niches that aren't saturated
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFrEoVUNc5c
VIEWS: 5793 | DURATION: 00:14:45
DATE: 2025-10-06T18:00:22.000Z
================================================================================

In my last video, we talked about the $15,000 LTV rule. And the basic principle was this. In order for your economics in your business to work, to make the maximum amount of profit possible in your agency, your clients offers economics must also work. You want your clients to have a customer lifetime value in their business of ideally $15,000, but at a minimum of $5,000, but you really want it to be 15. So, quick refresher if you haven't watched the last video. LTV means lifetime value. This is the average amount of money each customer pays you over their lifetime as your customer. CAC CAC is the cost to acquire a customer. This is how much it cost to acquire the customer based on your marketing spend. All businesses at scale have a cost to acquire a customer. If you do cold outbound or content marketing and think you don't have a CAC, you are wrong because you are executing manual labor which has a dollar value assigned to it. If you had to replace yourself, you would have to pay that person. Now, from your client's perspective, their CAC or cost to acquire a customer is what they pay you. And if you're running ads for them, it's the ad cost and what they're paying you. Now, in the last video, I gave five parameters by which you should be qualifying clients. And here they are again. Number one, they need to have an LTV of ideally $15,000. Minimum $5,000, but you really want it to be $15,000 or more. Number two, they need to have high gross profit margin. So, ideally 70% or more, 50% minimum. Number three, they have to have good cash flow. So, they collect most of the cash from their customers upfront. So this may involve the use of financing. Number four, they understand the concept that in order to grow a company, you must purchase new customers. They need an awareness among the entire idea of buying growth at all. Number five, they should have marketing budget and perhaps already be advertising themselves. So they should be able to afford to pay you a minimum of 3K plus performance bonuses for growth. They should be growthminded. With that said, how can we use AI to automatically find niches that fit these criteria? Because I gave some examples in my last video. So, there were examples like business coaches, cosmetic surgeons, custom home builders, enterprise software, wealth management firms, luxury dental practices, private healthcare, management, consulting firms. So, how can we use AI to generate us a completely stupidly massive list of every single niche that we could possibly dream up that fit all five of these criteria simultaneously? And then, because I already know you're [ __ ] this, how can we then also use AI to gather enough information about the niche to make you feel comfortable actually marketing and prospecting to them? Because I can give you a niche, but if you don't know [ __ ] about the niche, you run the risk of looking like an idiot who doesn't understand anything about them when you talk to them. So, in this video, I'm going to give you two things. Number one, an absolute mega prompt to find every single niche that fits all of these parameters. Number two, another absolute mega prompt that conducts deep research on any niche within that list, delivering you every single insight that you might feel like you need in order to be comfortable selling a marketing or lead gen offer to them. Okay? Now, before I start, don't pick business coaches. Every single one of you [ __ ] are going to default to picking business coaches because you watch business coaches on YouTube. Stop. Pick something else. And second, whatever model you're using for this, chatb Claude, Grock, whatever, you need the paid plan that has research and deep reasoning capability. So in this specific video, I'll be showing you the different outputs from Claude 4.1 Opus, ChatBT 5, and Groc 4 with the same prompts. You're going to see what each one spits out for each of these. Okay, now let's begin. Okay, so first, if you want these prompts and the outputs in your own Google doc, go to my Instagram page, daniel.jf1, and message me niche prompts. I'll send them over to you in your own Google doc. So you got to be following me to get the prompt. So this is my Instagram profile. It's new. I need followers. Thanks. All right. Cool. So let me just walk you through this real quick. So basic premise here is that this is the find niche prompts. And then in the same exact chat window that you conduct this, you will also need to do the niche research prompt. It just provides an additional context. So basic intro here. I need you to conduct an exhaustive analysis to identify and validate every potential niche and marketing agency could profitably serve based on specific economic criteria that determine sustainable client relationships. This research should uncover both obvious and hidden opportunities where businesses have the financial capacity and motivation to invest substantially marketing services. So every niche you identify must be valated against these non-negotiable economic thresholds. A business segment only qualifies a viable niche if they're difficult. You get what I'm saying? So the parameters that we talked about earlier, it's basically all of this and it's and then this is whole just like a giant mega prompt of the specific parameters that it needs to actually follow. So now I'm going to walk through the outputs that chat GPT gave me, Claude gave me, and Gro 4 gave me. So let's open chat GPT first. And this is what we got. So it's spit out kind of like a CSV file here. And there's a bunch of data in that CSV file that I'll show you in a second, but it kind of walks through a bunch of specific notes for it, but I want to go over to the actual thing over here. So, up at the top, you've got ERP implementation partners, high network divorce boutiques, full arch dental implants, Salesforce implementation partners, executive search or head hunting, penetration testing firms. I think that's for like some kind of like construction or like [ __ ] oil or something. I don't know, hair transplant clinics, IVF fertility clinics. And then you could see the typical deal size over here. Then you got the LTV for the clients. Then you have the gross margin. And then you have the sales cycle, the primary channel that they're found. So search or or partner referrals, delivery difficulty, so how hard it is to actually get them results. The gross profit. And then gave a bunch of different parameters like serviceability, marketability, cushion score, and like like a delta between some of these. So like for a composite 10point score, like and it ordered them based on which one it thinks is the best. So like for instance, it thinks ERP implementation partners is is the best, which is super interesting. But like you, I don't know what the [ __ ] that is. So like if I were to go and say like, "Oh, I'm going to start selling ERP implementation services." What I would need just like you is the second prompt to determine what the [ __ ] is that. Okay. Now, second, we're going to go over what Claude said. So Claw, when you paste a giant mega prompt, it puts in like a little file thing right here. And it worked for 39 minutes on this. And I was using Opus 4.1 with extended thinking and research enabled and then formal. So then it got 866 sources and then it spit out this right. All right. So, the definitive guide to profitable agency niches, family offices and multif family offices, registered investment advisors, commercial insurance brokerages, M&A advisory, fractional CFO services, executive coaching for seuite leaders, enterprise and vertical SAS, cyber security software, AI, machine learning implementation services, medical spas and aesthetic clinics, dental implants, fertility and IVF, executive MBA, corporate training, personal certification trainings, calibration and metrology services, industrial safety and EHS consulting, executive search firms, expert witness services, 401k and retirement plan advisor, manage IT services. Now, quick side note. If it's not enough for you in your output, just literally tell the AI, "Hey, give me 20 more. Go find me 20 more niches." Okay, now we're going to go over what Grock said. So, Grock said it's going to give me a description, typical transaction value, yada yada yada yada, all the stuff for all the different niches. So plastic surgery clinics, cosmetic dentistry practices, fertility clinics, managed consulting firms, IT cyber security consulting firms, executive coaching services, wealth management advisors for high net worth individuals, high-end wedding planners, corporate event planners, corporate law firms, forensic accounting firms, high-end HVAC services, and then some additional stuff on the back of it. Okay, now the second prompt. So, this is a giant 17p part prompt that is meant to deliver you every single possible thing or question or nuance that you could even conceive in order to give you the maximum amount of information about a niche to make you feel as comfortable as possible actually selling to the niche. So, what I'm going to do is walk you through the actual output that Claude gave me for just an example one of these. Okay, so I'm back in Claude now. So, what did I get here? I chose IVF Clinics. I saw it in two of the outputs. So I was like, "Yeah, [ __ ] it. Let me choose IVF clinic." So part one, this is where you go over industry economics and business model analysis. Basically walking through the revenue model and the financial structure of how these companies even work at all. And then it gives you the financial qualification indicators. Part two is the customer journey and buying behavior. So this is how like the actual customer journey elapses and how people buy this and like what kind of phases and consideration that they go through in order when determining what IVF clinic to go to. Discovery call architecture and conversation framework. So this is how you actually conduct a sales conversation with the actual owners. Then there's the marketing landscape and the current practices among what other IVF clinics are actively doing right now. Then there's instructions on how to build credibility without having a portfolio or case studies of other IVF clinics. Say you were just getting started. Here's exactly what you would want to do. Here's the regulatory environment and the compliance consideration. So like now you would know like if you say you were in a conversation with them and there was some kind of regulatory or compliance thing that you needed to be aware of and then you were able to reference that in a call. Now it looks like that you know what the [ __ ] you're talking about. Industry vocabulary and cultural fluency. So you actually can sound like one of them when you're speaking to them and maybe even writing your VSO or doing any kind of outreach scripts. Objection handling and emergency response protocol. So like what if somebody gives you a specific objection for a specific thing that might be common within that specific industry? Now you know exactly how to handle it. Competitive dynamics and differentiation strategy. So to be aware of like what all the competitors are doing inside of this space. So when you're talking to a prospect, you can actually be aware like reference what people are doing. Then there's the pain points and deeper business challenges that these people are actually facing. and kind of like what they're dealing with on a day-to-day basis to even uncover what their problems are at all. Qualification and disqualification framework. So to know like which of these people should you reject versus which one should you actually choose to work with based on some other parameters that you might not be aware of until you actually did this prompt. The tech stack and the integration requirements. So like what kind of tech stack do these people use and what would you need to be aware of? Proposal architecture and closing strategy. So like what might be relevant to actually closing these people and how does the sales process for them typically work? success metrics improve framework. So like what metrics would actually be relevant or successful to them? Pricing presentation and negotiation tactics. So like how should you actually negotiate the pricing that you present to these people? Network and relationship dynamics. So like who knows who and how does all that work? Like to what depth are relationships and the network of people and who are they connected to and whatnot? Like how does all that work? Future outlook and strategic positioning. So like what is even going on inside of that industry? Like what is changing? What is the future going to look like? and how do you need to position yourself in order to move along with that change? If you want all these prompts and the outputs in your own Google doc, just go to my Instagram, give me a follow, and send me the message niche prompts. When you send me that, it'll automatically send you a Google doc with all of the outputs and the prompts themselves, so you can do them yourself. Okay, great. So, now you have a niche. Maybe you have enough information to maybe feel comfortable selling to them. But what do you even sell them at all? And how can you get good enough at the thing you're selling the client without needing to spend 300 hours of your life learning how to do it? What if instead we could use AI systems to do 90% of the client fulfillment work? Which means that you could immediately start selling high ticket services like ads and funnels to these people with absolutely zero prior experience. If that sounds good to you, that's exactly why we created our AI assisted agency program. We show you what to sell, who to sell it to, what deliverables to include in your service, how to fulfill those deliverables with AI, and how to get your clients results, and how to scale the business to ideally $50,000 per month or more. Now, obviously, not every single person is going to reach $50,000 per month. But it's going to be way easier than doing it with a traditional agency that doesn't use AI. Imagine it like this. You just signed some client like we talked about in this video. Maybe it's IVF clinics, but you don't know how to script ads or make landing pages or write sales pages or set up marketing automations and marketing tech or how to write follow-up emails. We have AI systems that do all of that for you without you needing any experience at all or needing to do it manually yourself. And it's the same for dozens of other business models. How to make content with AI, how to do cold email with AI, how to do ghost riding with AI, how to do YouTube with AI, and tons of different business models prepackaged for you to get results as fast as possible. Here's just some of what we give you. The actual offer you'll be selling, all the deliverables for it, and how to fulfill it with AI to the point where your clients actually get results. The client acquisition systems in order to actually get those clients, including the automation, scripts, sequences, and exact templates you'll use. Pre-made sales decks and sales scripts to close the offer that you'll be selling. Pre-made agency websites for each business model, and pre-made client contracts for the offer you're selling, monthly one-on-one calls, unlimited direct messaging with me and anybody in the group. access to 15 expert coaches who all make at least $100,000 per more in their own business and 17 weekly group coaching calls that you obviously don't need to go to all of them, but there's 17. All of this is with the goal that you start signing clients in the next 30 days. So, if you're interested in starting an AI assisted agency, click the first link in the description down below, put your information in on that page, and then watch the explainer video about how it works. There's no cost to watch it. And if you think it's a good opportunity for you, schedule a call with us on that page so we can get you started this week. We onboard 90% of our students same day. You could literally start working on this by the end of the day today that you're watching this video. Literally right now. And that's what separates those who get results from those who don't. The people that stagnate and think and debilitate in every single decision are always the ones who miss all of the best opportunities. You have less than 12 to 18 months left to fully capitalize on AI. While it's not as saturated as it's going to be, it will never be easier than right now, the specific exact moment to get started and actually get results. It will only get harder. This will not get easier. The longer you wait, the more difficult it's going to be for you. So, if you're ready to stop waiting around and watching everybody else get results, go to the link in the description and get started literally today. You've seen hundreds or thousands of people getting results with their agency. It's never been easier to start and scale your own with AI. And we show you every single thing you need in order to do that as fast as possible. Every pre-built AI tool you will need, we already have it built. Not only will we make you an AI expert, we will make you an actual business expert. You'll know how to operate the marketing systems for both yours and your clients businesses. You'll know marketing automation, marketing tech, copywriting, advertising, content creation, prompt engineering, AI automation. You will be more powerful than you've ever been before after taking this next step. This is not for everybody. If you're somebody who isn't fully prepared to dive 100% into this and give it your all, this probably isn't for you. This is for people who are prepared to make a final decision that this is the direction that they're taking their life. were already seeing phenomenal results from the student and people were already signing clients for offers that they just started. If you want that to be you to be able to spin something up without the fear of failure and without all the dumb [ __ ] that's held you back up until now and you want to actually make a difference in your life, here's what you need to do. Click the first link in the description. Opt into that page. Watch the entire video and read everything on the page. What you're going to find is this is the single best opportunity you can possibly do right now. Do whatever research you want. Watch my dozens of case study videos on the page. Go through the hundreds of screenshots I have of people in the wins channel actually signing clients. Go read through every single one of my five-star trust pilot reviews. What you're going to find is that every second you wait to actually do this is a complete waste of your potential. Stop waiting. You can do this. Stop thinking you can. I'll see you on the inside. Peace.