TITLE: These AI Agency Offers are Working Right Now (Steal Them)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaIe1zh6ZbE
VIEWS: 6238 | DURATION: 00:16:23
DATE: 2025-09-25T17:31:18.000Z
================================================================================

99% of you are selling offers that have zero market demand and this is why you're not signing any clients. That's exactly why your cold outreach isn't working, your content isn't converting, and your ads produce exactly zero economic return for you. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the exact offers that businesses are actually paying 3 to 10k per month for right now. And more importantly, how you can fulfill them using AI, even if you've never done it before in your life. But first, let me ask you a question. How much money did you make last month from your business? How many hours did you work to make that money? If you're like most people watching this, you probably worked 40 to 60 hours and made less than you otherwise would have at a regular job. And up to this point, you have spent months, maybe even years of your life justifying that what you're doing now is okay. You think it's okay to not change. It's not okay. You need to stop what you're doing right now because it clearly isn't working and you need to immediately course correct. That's exactly the problem we're going to solve today. So, let me picture of what your life probably looks like right now. You wake up every morning and immediately check your phone hoping to see some responses to like the 50 cold emails that you just sent, 78 LinkedIn messages you just sent, 45 Instagram DMs. You check your phone, nothing, right? Maybe one person telling you to stop emailing them. Then you spend three hours writing what you think is brilliant content for LinkedIn, Instagram, and you post it and it gets 12 likes from struggling entrepreneurs who are in the same exact position of poverty as you are. You jump on a discovery call with someone who clearly has no money and no intention of purchasing anything. But you take the call anyway because you're desperate for any kind of validation that your business might actually work in the form with which you've constructed. So, you spend your evenings researching new outreach strategies and new content ideas, new ways to position yourself as an expert. Anything to avoid facing the brutal truth that what you're selling simply does not work. And at the end of the month, you've made maybe $4,000 in profit before taxes if you're lucky. And you've worked more hours than people with a regular full-time job. So, here's what's happening. You're trying to sell something that nobody wants to buy. Nobody. You've created some random offer that sounds amazing in your head, but has zero active market demand. You're out here trying to sell business optimization consulting or AI automation services or social media management for restaurants or lead generation for real estate agents or sales consulting or media buying offers that make you sound like a professional but have exactly zero demand as a front-end cold traffic offer. You think you're being creative and innovative, but what you're actually doing is making it impossible for yourself to succeed. Meanwhile, you're watching other people sign clients left, right, and center, posting screenshots of their 10K months, 30K, 100K months, many of which are on my channel as my students. And you're wondering, "What the hell are you doing wrong?" You're thinking, "Maybe I need better sales skills. Maybe I need to post more content. Maybe I need to send more cold emails. Maybe I need to run some ads." But the brutal truth is that the problem isn't your outreach. The problem isn't your content. The problem isn't your sales skills. The problem isn't even your work ethic because you work a lot. The problem is your offer. It's the thing you're selling. You're trying to sell something that businesses don't want to buy and no amount of better marketing is going to fix that fundamental problem. Now, before I get into this, if you don't know me, my name is Daniel Fazio. I run a software and done for you business called List Kit and a consulting company called Client Ascension. I have personally collected over $25 million across offers I own, not client offers. And we're currently above $1 million per month in revenue with a very high profit margin. So, we're doing pretty well. I've also helped about 2,000 agency owners scale their business. And I can tell you exactly why most of them were struggling before they worked with me. They were selling offers with no demand. So, with that said, what is a front-end cold traffic offer? It's an offer that businesses are actively searching for and paying money for right now, today as the first offer you sell them. Not something you invented. It's not something that sounds cool. It's not something you think that they should want. Something with active, proven market demand that works on cold traffic. It's not what they need. It's what they're actively actually purchasing right now. Here's the key distinction. Most people create offers based on what they think businesses need. Successful entrepreneurs sell offers based on what businesses are actually purchasing. Right? It's like when a really hot girl says she hates bad boys and wants a good guy, but then she exclusively bangs the bad guys and doesn't respond to the good guys text. Says she wants good guy, doesn't actually go with good guy, goes with bad guy instead. Your clients are doing the same exact thing. what they say they want and what they actually buy are two very distinct different things. A business might need comprehensive growth audit, but they want and will buy a full VSSL funnel buildout. They might need operational optimization, but they want and will buy a content product machine that generates them new leads. So, what you functionally need to understand here is that there are very few offers at any given time that are working as front-end cold traffic offers. So, you are not allowed to just sell whatever you want. If it were this easy, if you could just sell whatever you want, everybody would be a multi-millionaire. But they're not. They're poor, right? The idea that you can just sell anything to anybody is complete [ __ ] and not real. You are strictly confined to selling what has active market demand at this moment. And to not do that, do anything else is literal economic suicide. So, how do you know if an offer has active cold traffic demand? So, let me tell you a quick story. I once had a student inside client ascension who was very adamant about selling data analysis as a service to clients. The reason being was because he used to work for a marketing agency and did the data analysis for the clients. His analysis of the data actually did lead to improvements for the clients and they actually did make the clients more money and drive results. Like it actually was a useful thing that he was doing. However, what he failed to understand was that the clients of that marketing agency didn't buy data analysis. They bought a webinar funnel buildout and advertising services to get people on the webinar. You know what I'm saying? Data analysis was just a side component of the successful operation of the webinar funnel. There would be no data analysis function absent of the webinar funnel. Yes, you can sell all sorts of [ __ ] to clients. You can come up with thousands of different things to sell to clients, but only to clients you've already acquired as customers for front-end cold traffic offer. Only people who already know, like, and trust you, not cold traffic. Cold traffic only buys front-end cold traffic offers. Here are some offers that actually work right now as front-end cold traffic offers. Okay, so number one, ads and funnels, right? Businesses need paid advertising and sales funnels. They understand that ads bring in leads and funnels convert those leads into customers. So they have budget allocated for this. They know the ROI. They're actively searching for people who can do this for them. They're literally buying it. Of all the people running agencies of any form, these are the people who make the most money 100% of the time. Every person you know who runs an agency who makes the maximum amount of money are people selling this 100% of the time. Okay. Next, content creation. Businesses need YouTube, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram content scripted and created for them, right? They know they need content to market their business, but they don't want to spend their time creating it. They'd rather pay someone else to do it. Okay, next. Lead generation. Businesses need more leads, right? So, this is the most obvious need in any business. More potential customers. Understand that more leads equals more revenue. They're willing to pay for it because they can directly measure the ROI. It's kind of the same as advertising, but this is generally like if you're doing it through cold outbound like cold email, LinkedIn, cold calling, [ __ ] like that. So, e-commerce, email marketing. So, if you're selling to e-commerce stores, ecom businesses know that email marketing drives revenue. They've heard the statistics about email ROI. They see their competitors doing it. They're actively looking for people who can set it up and manage their email campaigns. It's something that they actively purchase as a front-end cold traffic offer. So, these aren't sexy. Like, they're not innovative. They're not going to make you feel like a creative genius, but they were because businesses actively purchased them as front-end cold traffic offers. Right? So, here's where most people get stuck with this. They say, "Daniel, I don't know how to run Facebook ads or I don't know how to build a funnel or I don't know how to write email sequences. I've never done lead generation before cuz you're selling some whatever the [ __ ] offer." You're selling whatever you're selling and I'm telling you that you need to sell this as a front-end call traffic offer. And you're like, "But I don't know how to sell that as an offer. So therefore, I'm not going to do what you're saying, Daniel." Okay. So that's exactly where AI comes in. Let me give you an example of what I mean because this is where it gets really interesting. Earlier this week, I posted a case study of one of my students, Ravi. He came into Client Ascension with a single SEO client who was a SAS company. When I first spoke to him, I told him that he can't sell SEO as a front-end cold traffic offer. It was completely useless for him to do this, and he'd be making it unnecessarily difficult to make any amount of money at all in his company. I told him that he needs to make a front-end cold traffic offer and I recommended making funnels for these same SAS companies and advertising the funnels for them. Now, Robbie's objection was the same objection that you're giving me now, that he doesn't know how to build funnels. He doesn't know how to write ads. He doesn't know how to write sales pages. He doesn't know how to write the email scripts. And to learn how to do this would take hundreds of hours of learning a new skill. I have two responses. Number one, my first response is if that's how you feel, go mop about it and just live in poverty for the rest of your life. I don't care. Number two, it does not take hundreds of hours because you just use AI to do all of it, right? AI creates the funnels, creates the emails, creates the sales scripts, creates the ad scripts. AI does 90% of the work. So, it doesn't take hundreds of hours to learn this new offer. It takes like 5 to 10, right? It has never been like this in the history of mankind ever. You can now be a complete beginner, know absolutely nothing about the offer, and be able to deliver literal expert veteran level deliverables for clients after investing just a dozen hours or so into learning how to use AI. This is exactly what Ravi did. He went from a single client to collecting $71,000 in his fourth month of being my student. How? Because he uses AI to do 90% of the client fulfillment work, making it 10 times easier to scale a business while needing onetenth the amount of employees or team members. I'm not talking about some basic chat GPT prompts that everybody's using. I'm talking about sophisticated AI systems that can produce deliverables better than humans who have been doing this for years. I use AI to write all my ads. I use the assistance of AI to write this YouTube video you're watching right now. I can create better ad copy than $8,000 per month copywriters. We can build better funnels than agencies that charge $50,000 for funnel builds. We can write better email sequences than people who have been doing email marketing for decades just using AI. How is this possible? Because AI analyzes hundreds or thousands of high performing examples and produces deliverables based on what actually works. A human copywriter might write ad copy based off whatever [ __ ] or clients they've worked with or whatever. Now, you got to understand with this front-end cold traffic offer thing. So, let's say Robbie's original intention was in fact that he wanted to get more SEO clients. Well, now he has more SEO clients by not selling SEO on the front end. Why is that? Because SEO is not a front-end cold traffic offer. He started selling a front-end cold traffic offer and was able to up/crossell SEO to the people he acquired for the new offer. This ultimately resulted him in having a net higher increase of SEO clients in the first place in comparison to had he just been promoting SEO on the front end. If he just kept trying to sell SEO, he wouldn't have booked any calls. He would have signed anybody on it at all because it's not a front-end cold traffic offer. I don't care what it is that you're selling right now. If your cold emails are getting ignored, if your ads aren't working, if your content isn't working, and you feel like you're literally like climbing Mount Everest to get a single call booked, you have to understand that is not normal. That is not a healthy business. It shouldn't be like that. And you need to [ __ ] stop selling whatever stupid [ __ ] offer you're selling. You need to stop selling it. You have to sell something else. You need a front-end cold traffic offer. And you can sit here and you can throw, "Oh, Daniel, I can't do this. Daniel, I can't do this. Daniel, I can't do it." [ __ ] stop. Like either decide to be poor or change. You need to pick one direction and stop hanging in the middle. Okay, here's another objection you might have. But won't the clients find out I'm using AI? Clients don't care how you produce the results. They care about the results. If AI produces better results than humans, why wouldn't you use it? If AI can write email sequences that convert 15% instead of 3% they're getting now, do you think they care that AI wrote them? You're not even advertising that you're using AI. Your job isn't to do work. Your job is to deliver results. And AI simply helps you deliver better results. And here's the reality. Your competitors who aren't using AI are going to get completely annihilated. They're stuck with 15% profit margin, 70 hour work weeks, while you're operating at 80% margin and working 20 hours per week instead. Here's another objection you'll give me, but everyone will start doing this. You're right. Eventually, everyone will figure this out. But right now, most people don't know how to use AI effectively for client fulfillment or to any capacity at all. That gives you massive first mover advantage. But every month that passes means more people figure this out. There's maybe 12 to 18 months left before this becomes saturated. Right now, it's easy to sign clients because they desperately need these services. And it's easy to fulfill because AI does the work. And it's easy to scale because you don't need to hire and manage tons of different people. You can throw objections about this as long as you want and keep doing nothing. But while you do that, both me and everybody with me will go ahead and make tens of millions of dollars while you don't. Choice is yours. You're welcome to come. Now, here's what you need to understand. This opportunity won't last forever. We're in a unique moment in history right now. AI is powerful enough to handle a substantial amount of fulfillment. But pretty much nobody knows how to use it, right? Or at all. Just because you see AI stuff all over the place in your own personal internet vacuum doesn't mean that everybody else does. They don't. If you think everybody is an expert in AI, you need to get off the phone and go touch grass because they're not. They have zero idea how this works. Because nobody actually knows this. This gives you a massive advantage. But every month that passes, more people figure this out. Maybe 12 to 18 months left before this becomes again saturated, right? Cuz it's easy to sign clients because they desperately need these services and there aren't many people who can deliver them. It's easy to fulfill because AI does the work. So you don't need years of experience. And it's easy to scale because you don't need to hire and manage teams of people who constantly disappoint you don't actually get the job done. So if you want to finally start signing clients consistently and build a real business doesn't require you to work 70 plus hours per week on client fulfillment work, here's what you need to do. Stop trying to sell your custom offer that you made up that nobody wants and start selling a front-end cold traffic offer that businesses are actively buying and maximize the amount of customers and people who have paid you any amount of money at all. And if you don't know how to fulfill them, that's exactly what I help people do in our brand new AI assisted agency program. You guys have probably seen this my past videos. And here's how this works. I will give you a front-end cold traffic offer to sell and show you how to fulfill it. You will know everything you need to know within 14 days. So, here's what you get. I'll show you exactly what offers to sell, the specific offers that have active cold traffic demand right now, not 6 months ago. I'll show you exactly who to sell them to and how to find the prospects. I'll show you exactly how much to charge and why and how you can charge premium prices by leveraging AI. Most importantly, I'll show you exactly how to use AI to do 90% of the fulfillment work, even if you've never done it before in your life. You'll get access to pre-trained AI systems that do everything for you. We're talking about AI that can produce better deliverables than agencies with 30 plus employees. You'll get copy and paste offers that are already proven to work with cold traffic. You'll get the complete client acquisition system, the scripts, sequences, the templates, everything you need to start signing 3 to 10K per month clients. You get the sales assets to close high ticket retainers, call scripts, proposals, objection handling guides. You'll get your own professional agency website and the client contracts already made for you. You'll get onboarding and delivery system so you look like a proper agency from day one. You'll get one-on-one support from me and my team, including one-on-one calls and unlimited messaging. We help you get this launched in 30 days, not 6 months, not a year, 30 days. If you want to see if you qualify, click the link in the description, watch the video, book a calling with my team, but stop waiting and making backwards justifications that your business that hasn't worked for months or years is finally going to start working. It's not. Stop what you're doing and pivot to this. The window is open now and it's not going to stay open forever. So, click the link below. Let's get you started. See you over there. This