TITLE: Why doing less made me more money than working 60 hour weeks
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_Si90tdqTM
VIEWS: 3405 | DURATION: 00:22:09
DATE: 2026-02-23T17:00:54.000Z
================================================================================

Recently, I figured out that if I post two YouTube videos a week, we will make an astronomical amount of money. Now, there's a bunch of other stuff that makes me money in my business as well. For instance, running ads makes us money. Building new funnels, doing challenges like the live challenges, webinars make us money, guest podcasting, strategizing with my team, going to the studio to film ads. I have an email list. I write emails to them. I post on Twitter. I post on LinkedIn. These are all activities that I could possibly be doing to make us more money in addition to me posting on YouTube. And these are just things in the make money category. This is not accounting for all of the other obligations I have just to maintain what I already have, such as one-on-one calls with clients, you got finance meetings, you got coaching calls, customer service, answering emails, answering Slack messages. These are all additional obligations and probably a lot more I haven't listed of just stuff I need to do. So, if you were to look at everything, including this and going up here and all of this, there's dozens of possible things that I'm obligated to do and I need to have done on a weekly and even daily basis. And if I were to sit here and actually do all of those every single day, it wouldn't be 60 hour weeks. It would be 70, 80, 90 hour weeks. I would literally not be able to sleep if I was actively doing all of these all the time. Real quick, if you don't know who I am, my name is Daniel Fazio. I run two companies. Client Ascension List. Client Assens is a coaching company. Let's get the software company. We make around $1.4 million a month right now. As I'm making this video and I have all of this stuff to do and all these obligations and the business keeps getting bigger, then the obligations keep growing. However, my net worth has never been higher than it is exactly right now. And just in the past 6 months, the rate with which it's going up is accelerating. I'm a 28-year-old multi-millionaire. So, if I have all this stuff to do, like, how does any money even get made? How is that? It is through something I have now deemed that I call deep prioritization. I have identified a single task that if I just do that one thing, everything else falls into place. It doesn't matter about the 20 or 25 different other things that I could potentially be doing at any given moment. If I just do this one single thing, we're going to make more money. Your life is going to improve. You're going to make more profit. You're going to be able to do whatever you want. You're going to be able to work less. Everything is going to fall into place and your business is going to become exactly what you've always wanted it to be if you just find this one single thing and deeply prioritize it actually above everything else. For me, it just so happens that for client ascension, I've identified it as posting YouTube videos. It's more important than running ads, which are very profitable for us. It's more important than running the challenge funnel which is very profitable for us. It's more important than running webinars which makes money and it's partly because the production of YouTube videos for us feeds other stuff. For instance, it creates more warm traffic for us. It captures new cold audiences and turns them into warm traffic. Everybody who watches my stuff, if they click it, they get pixelled and now they start getting my ads on meta. And if they watch the video at all, now you start getting my YouTube ads. These same people buy challenge tickets. They directly convert from the videos. They attend webinars. They watch podcasts, more videos, and they share them with other people to help me grow the audience even more. I do content retargeting with my YouTube videos. Maybe you've seen this, but I literally upload all of my videos from YouTube to Meta and set the campaign objective as video view and retarget every single person in my funnel to just watch my YouTube videos on Meta. So, it creates more ad content for me in the first place. So, what I'm trying to get at by explaining this to you is that YouTube is my spearhead that spearheads absolutely everything else for me. It is the force driver that pushes everything forward. And what we need to do in the rest of this video is explain how you can find your spearhead and know what you need to do right now. Real quick, guys, before we keep going, if you're interested in making an AI marketing agency where we'll show you what to sell, who to sell it to, how to get clients, and how to fulfill for the clients with AI, it's going to be the first link in the description. Open that up in a different tab, and when you're finished watching this video, go over to that tab, watch that video, and get all the info about that. All you need, you can watch case studies and see all the people getting results in there, yada yada. All right, let's keep going. Okay, so would all of these other activities, would these all work in the absence of YouTube if we just did ads? If we just did a challenge funnel? If we just did a webinar, if we did all without YouTube, would that make money? Yes, it would make money. But you have to understand is that you prioritize doing something new as opposed to what is already working but is just boring. How did I come to the conclusion that YouTube just works for us? I was just posting some videos and I found just by observing what is happening that if I post more videos and I'm consistent with posting videos, we get a really steady stream of new business coming in. What does that mean? It means that it would be stupid to stop doing that. And then when there's an opportunity to build something new, I don't prioritize the new over what is already working. Yours might not be YouTube. It might be something else. And we're going to talk about that here in just a second. But like the premise is that it might be a profoundly boring activity that you don't feel like doing, but you've just got to like grow up a little bit and understand that like an adult is going to do something that isn't always fun. Like you're not going to be entertained all the time and it's going to be something you really don't want to do all of the time. That's what filming YouTube videos is for me. For you it might be sending outreach messages. It might be posting on LinkedIn or doing LinkedIn outreach or doing Instagram outreach or if you make more money, it's probably running ads like sitting there and filming new creatives all the time. Doesn't matter what the thing is. It doesn't have to be YouTube. For instance, over a list kit where we make even more millions of dollars of profit every single year. The spearhead for List Kit is ads. We have a cold traffic funnel for a list kit that we promote with ads to a opt-in VSSL funnel that lets people go through our application to book a call with us. We spend $3,000 to $5,000 per day on ads on that. And then we also do cold email. We send about 10,000 emails per day. Now, why is it that there's technically two priorities at Liskit? Because one is that with the ads, I do all of the media buying and then with cold email, my business partner Christian handles that. He's the one like managing that. So you have somebody that's I'm doing the ads. I do the ads. I do the funnels. Christian does the cold email. I don't concern myself with the cold email. I have a priority. He has a priority. If Christian did not exist in the business, it would probably just be ads. If I did not exist in the business, it would probably just be cold email. That's how it works. There's some priority that I'm in charge of and I just do that at Liskit. That's ads. At client ascension, it's YouTube. That's just what it happens to be. What I'm trying to get at is the reason why we've been able to make so much more money like so consistently and make more and more profit continuously every single year was that I figured out like really how to implement the age-old advice of keep the main thing the main thing. Like I said earlier, there's so much I could do. There's so many things that you could possibly do inside of your business right now, but you need to keep the main thing the main thing. I work with hundreds of agency owners or people who run B2B companies or info businesses. Right now, inside of our Slack community, there's 432 people, I believe. And I know what messes these people up. What separates the people who do get really, really good results and those who fail? This is what it is. Shiny object syndrome. What's the definition of that? It's literally not keeping the main thing, the main thing. It's finding something new and taking your main thing and putting something new as the main thing. And this new thing isn't proven yet. It's not fully built out for you. It doesn't have longevity built into it. You're not proficient in it yet. You swapped out something that works. And instead of doing it more and better, you shift it to something else because you got bored because your dopamine system is fried and you constantly need something new. That's how you destroy a business. Two is not knowing how to prioritize. And we're going to talk about that in a second. I'm going to walk through actual examples of this. And then three is not being consistent. Like let's say you're just starting out. You're below 10K a month. If your bottleneck is you don't have enough clients, like you don't have enough calls on the calendar. Your main thing is getting more calls on the calendar. It's not screwing with stuff like a hot new AI tool or like I got to learn how to use Claudebot or I got to learn how to use Claude code like I got to do this and I got to do this and I have to learn this. That's not your main thing. I actually had somebody come to me in client ascension, one of my students, he sent me a message the other day and this is when like Claudebot first got released and he's like, "Hey dude, like I'm really like I see Claudebot and how this is crazy. Like I'm really trying to figure out how to make money with this." And I was like, "Stop." The problem with what you're trying to do is you're trying to take something new and make it make money. That's what you're doing. It doesn't work like that. You need to take what makes money already proven and then use the tools that exist in reality to help you make that process easier. You don't take the tools and make money from the tools. You take the process that already makes money and then use the tools to make that process more efficient. This guy was thinking about it completely backwards. You don't make money with Clawbot. you make money and potentially use Claudebot to help you make that process more efficient. Complete backwards way of thinking. Watching this guy's 3-hour YouTube course on how to do this like crazy new funnel, that's not what you need to do right now. Going to this guy's live workshop or webinar, that's not what you need to do right now. What you need to do right now is make more money. You need to do more outreach. You need to sign more clients. You need to get more sales calls on the calendar and close people on your offer. That's what you need to do. There is legitimately zero nothing zilch nada that is more important in your business than signing more clients, doing more outreach. Absolutely zero. Nothing is more important than this. Let me walk you through an example of my priority list. And we're going to talk about how to prioritize things. So, I always have like different projects that I potentially can be working on at any given point. And I'm going to list out four that I'm actively thinking of right now that I need to complete. So, one is I need a new website/funnel for Olympia, which is our mastermind. That's on ClickFunnels, but now I put everything on Framer cuz it looks nicer and it just makes it look prettier. I just need a new funnel for that. I probably need a new VSSL. The VSSL is kind of old. The results have been way higher than that. So, I just need to make a new VSSL for I need to make a whole new funnel for Olympia. new challenge that we want to do which is called a scaling with ads challenge. So I need to build that whole funnel. I need to make all the content for that and do all the stuff that is associated with making a whole new challenge funnel. I have to work on that. That's some project I need to do. I need to do the AI business challenge. That's in a couple weeks. A lot of you probably already bought tickets to that. I'll leave a link in the description, but I need to actually like do that challenge and prepare for that. That's on March 2nd. And then four is make an evergreen low ticket product funnel. I need to do that as well. So, I have four projects. One, two, three, four. Four different new things that I need to create right now. How do I prioritize these? Like, how do I pick which of these needs to be done? And the answer is unless I have my YouTube videos filmed for the next 2 weeks. I do zero of these. I don't pick one of these that's a priority. My priority is YouTube videos. Unless I have completed my YouTube videos, I do not do this. I do not do this. I do not do this. I do not do this because YouTube is the spearhead of our business right now. It makes money. Therefore, I need to make YouTube videos. That's it. That's how it works in your business. If you need to make a new VSSL, if you need to start posting on LinkedIn, if you need to do this over here and this over here, you need to set up this software, you need to do whatever, all of that comes after you have done your outreach, your client acquisition system. If your client acquisition system is sending dream 100 messages, it's sending cold emails, everything else that you can possibly conceive to even think is important in any regards whatsoever comes after the outreach. Unless you have done the outreach, you don't do any of this. Your priority every single day of every single week is get up, do the outreach. Nothing occurs ever until you have done that. That's the spearhead. You push the spearhead first. It always goes first. Nothing ever goes in front of it. Prioritization literally means to put something first. To prioritize something means to put everything else not first. That's how it works. Don't do anything that isn't the spearhead in getting clients and making money. Stop all of it. You can do it, but not until after. You have to understand that if you have a week where you're sitting there and you're like, "Wow, this is a really busy week. There's this nonsense going on." Like, I don't know, maybe you were sick. Maybe you were traveling or you had this thing over here and ya ya you're like but I still have to do this and this and this and this so I got to work on this project. No, no, no. Don't work on the project. The project doesn't matter. This new thing over here, it doesn't matter. Like I understand like maybe this week was bad for you and you don't have a lot of time. The only thing that you need to do this week is the spearhead. All you need to do is the outreach. That's it. That's your only job. Like even if you get one thing done this week, you make it the outreach. Nothing else. Zero. It's not important in comparison to the outreach. So I want to make another point here. Let me go all the way back up to the top. All of this and all of this, every single obligation I have on my task list is an activity, not learning. All of my obligations are activity based where I need to conduct something or do something. It's not learning. If you're a beginner, obviously you need to learn stuff because you don't know anything. Like it's important that you obtain the knowledge that is necessary for you to actually conduct any activity in the first place at all. You need to know what activity to conduct and how to do the activity correctly. That's obvious. But what I'm saying is that if we were to take two people where it's like one guy does 1,000 hours of learning, this is guy A, and then we have guy B over here, he does 100 hours learning, and then 100 hours of activity. This guy over here is rich. Guy over here, A, is poor. Guy A, does literally nothing at all. He makes zero progress in any capacity whatsoever. At a certain point, learning more and more and more and more and more is just delaying the inevitable. So, I remember when I first graduated college, so I have a degree in finance and a lot of people were going for their MBA. I remember asking my dad, I was like, should I get my MBA? He's like, no. And my dad has an MBA. So, he's like, no, go work. And I'm like, why are you thinking that? And he's like, because work is more important. Like, do you want to make money? And I'm like, yeah, I want to make money. I really like money. He's like, then go make money. You don't need your MBA. And then it was interesting as I watched some people I knew also graduating and they were going to get their MBA. It kind of came to the realization like I just went off into the world and started making money. I was like, "Oh, you guys are just delaying work. That's you're just delaying life. That's literally what you're doing." For you to sit here and just keep learning, learning, learning, learning, learning, learning. You think you need to keep learning. It's you just procrastinating starting. That's all you're doing. It's not productive. It feels productive and it spikes your dopamine and it makes you feel good. It's not productive in any capacity. You could get away with learning like onetenth the amount. Okay, so I just went skiing for the first time. It was pretty fun. I really liked it. I watched a quick tutorial video like the basics of skiing. And then we got an instructor for skiing. We had like 2 or 3 hours of this instructor teaching us. And then when the instructor left, I didn't like stop and go down and like, oh well, I need to get the next time I ski, I need another instructor. No, I skied for another 3 hours. Just screwed around and I was just skiing. My total learning time of skiing was two hours. And I just started skiing. That's it. I just literally just went down slopes alone. Like just figuring it out. That's how you get stuff done in the world. That's how you make progress is you do the activity because all of the learning occurs while doing the activity. You just learn different kinds of stuff. I want to give you one more example of this before we proceed forward. One of the things I was considering doing when I was much younger, like 19 or something like that, was doing mortgages or like being a real estate agent. I passed like the whole mortgage test. I got mortgage license and everything like that. And then my stepdad is in real estate. He does a lot of that stuff. I remember talking to him about this and he's like, "Yeah, like all those tests and what you learn in these classes is like what's the definition of a parcel? Can a real estate agent get a commission on both the mortgage and this?" And it's like just little random pieces of knowledge. But I remember talked to him is like the activity of running the business and making the business successful. Absolutely nobody teaches you this. Nobody teaches you how to find a client, how to manage a client, how to get paperwork signed over here when this person is stalling or or how to get a connection over here in city hall to get this permit over here and like do you know this guy? That's not taught. The activity of doing the thing is never taught truly in a course at all. Someone could give you anecdotes or stories of things that occur, but like the only way you ever learn is doing the thing. You have to do the thing. Okay, so we've identified what's your spearhead. Your spearhead is doing outreach. Like 90% of you watching this, you need to send dream 100 messages and you need to send cold emails. That's literally all you need to do. Nothing else. In fact, let me help you understand this. You could just do that and nothing else ever. You could legitimately never do content marketing. You can never do LinkedIn, never do Twitter, never do YouTube, never run ads ever in your life. You could just consistently run outreach and just grow your business forever and just make more profit. You actually could do that doing nothing else at all ever. You could pretty much never watch anybody's YouTube videos. You can never buy another course. You could never buy another coaching program literally ever at all. And you would probably still be able to figure it out. Will that stuff potentially help you get there faster, make more money faster? Yes, it probably will, but you could not. If you're a high IQ person, you could. So, I could take everything on my plate that is not YouTube. And if I just did YouTube, we would grow this business. We would probably still continuously make more and more and more millions of dollars like year overyear and just keep growing. If I just posted two YouTube videos per week, literally that's it. I could do nothing else and it will work. So, I don't always feel like sitting down and filming YouTube videos. It is a mentally strenuous activity. Like I need to exert an inclined amount of effort to sit here and film this video. In comparison to me just sitting at my desk and writing an email to my email list. It's objectively easier for me to write an email list. It's objectively easier for me to post on LinkedIn, post on Twitter. It doesn't matter because doing this is so much more efficient. The result is like 50x per unit of effort that I exert. If it takes 10 times more units of expended mental capacity to film a video as compared to writing an email, it doesn't matter because the result that it drives is 50x more for me. So therefore, I'm going to take that arbitrage and just keep filming more. You need to find out what you do inside of your business that drives results. This is important. It has to drive a quantifiable result. Needs to do something. It needs to push the business forward. And then once you've identified what that is, whether that's outreach, whether that's content, or whether that's ads, you need to go psychopathically hard on it for 12 months. 12 straight months, you need to do that. You need to do it faster and better. Alex Herozi said this. He goes, "More, better, new." So, if something's working, you do more of it, and then you get better at it, and then you do something new after that once you've maxed that out. A lot of you guys think that like if you're doing outreach or something, oh, I signed two clients from outreach. I can do something new now because I've maxed that out. You have not maxed that out. You will legitimately make multiple millions of dollars before you max that out. Like many, many millions of dollars before that's been maxed out. This point about doing that is so important. Right now, in my head, I'm thinking to myself, I want to post two YouTube videos a week for every single week of 2026. The thought process I've gone through is really just simply that, well, if I just did it for two times a week every single week, I'm definitely going to get better at it. and it's probably going to drive like four, five, or six times higher of a result than it did in 2025. That's my hypothesis. So, I'm like, well, let me just do that. When I have stuff to do or I have stuff planned, I just film a ton of videos in advance. I just have 3 weeks of videos in advance. That's it. I just plan around that. It's really that simple. Okay. So, if you're interested in making a ton more money, I have two different things or offers that you should check out. So, one, AI assisted agency. This is for beginners. We show you how to build an AI marketing agency. That's where you sell marketing services and then you fulfill the products and deliverables with AI. We show you what to sell, who to sell it to, how to get clients, and how to fulfill for clients with AI. That's the first link in the description. Two is Olympia. This is our mastermind. This is for people who are above 25K per month. You make more money than 25K a month. We show you how to build a cold traffic offer, a VSSL funnel, how to scale it with ads, and how to build a sales team to close for you. So, we help you build a funnel, recruit the team, build all the systems, and me and my co-founders do it oneon-one with you. There's two one-on-one calls a month, and there's four inerson meetups a year. I'll leave a link to that, the second link in the description, and I'll also leave a link to the AI business challenge, which is starting on March 2nd, so you can go get tickets to that if you want. If you're watching this video after March 2nd, then you just have to get in the wait list. All right, if you got any value from this, leave a like, subscribe, comment what you want to see next, share the video in your group chats. A lot of people watch these videos and they don't subscribe. So, if this is like the second or third video you've watched for me at this point, just hit the subscribe button real quick and leave a like and something. All right, thanks guys. Peace. Love you. Bye.