What you're about to learn took me 17 long years of trial and error and being in the trenches to figure out. And this isn't some surface level theory that are not going to be applicable to you. This is literally down in the dirt tactics that I have learned from building over 2,000 funnels in my agency. I have literally launched funnels in pretty much every single niche imaginable. And what I'm going to be giving you today is just all the hard one tactics that have literally taken me over 17 years to accumulate. This video has all the valuable insights that can change your life. So, let's lock in and let's get stuck into it. So, what exactly is a funnel? A funnel, people like to over complicate these things. All it is is a stepbystep process that you take a prospect through, a complete stranger who knows nothing about you, your product or your business and goes from who the hell are you to shut up and take my money. And that is it. You need to know all of those steps in order to be able to do that. And once you do, then you have a funnel. Whether you have a successful funnel and a unsuccessful funnel is going to determine these brutal truths that I have learned from the years of triing this stuff out in the marketplace and spending over $200 million in ad spend behind these funnels to generate over $7.8 billion in rorowaz. Which brings us to the first step, which is traffic. Everybody thinks that they have a traffic problem. And they're like, "Hey, if I could just get more traffic, more hyperargeted traffic to my business Subrey, everything would be all good. I'd be getting lots of leads, lots of customers would be coming through the door. I just need to know where the best traffic is. Subbury, can you please tell me where that is?" But the reality of it is that traffic is a commodity. Never have we lived in a day and age where there is so much traffic. Like more people are flooding online every single day than any other time in history. And all of those eyeballs is traffic. Literally, if you have a credit card, you can go to Google or Facebook or Tik Tok. You can give them your credit card and you can get unlimited traffic. You can set the traffic campaign to the whole world and you can target the whole world. You can run up millions of dollars on your credit card. So, when you look at it through that lens, it becomes very apparent that traffic is not the problem. The real issue is having the ability to craft a sales system, a funnel that brings those raw inputs, the attention and it converts it at a rate that is profitable. I.e. you make more money than you pay Google, Facebook or Tik Tok to actually get that traffic into your funnel. And that is the biggest pain point. Then the focus becomes on well how do I actually craft a message then that actually does that that it is profitable that I can go out to cold traffic and buy as much of that eyeballs and a good percentage of those people will take the action that I want them to which is to fill out a form and become a lead or to whip out their credit card and buy something from you. So at the end of the month that bill of whatever the traffic is that's owed to these companies is a smaller amount than the overall net profit that that funnel brought into your business. And that's exactly what I'm going to show you how to do. Which brings us to step two, cold traffic fundamentals. When I'm talking about funnels, I am purely talking about cold traffic. And cold traffic is just people that have no idea who you are. When they woke up in the morning, they did not know about your business. They did not know about anything that you've got to offer. That is cold traffic. And that is the real game. You need to be able to have the ability to crack cold traffic because that's where all the fortunes are made. When I started my business, I was going out there and I was cold calling people, which is cold traffic, and I was converting those people into clients. And then I was delivering on that client work. And I would get my clients such ridiculous results that they would go and then they would go and tell three or four other of their business buddies and then they would all come to me and be like, "Hey, can you do what you did for XYZ for my business?" and my business was growing and I was getting lots of customers coming in. But then there comes a point where that word of mouth is only going to take you so far. And most people they get stuck there if you say, "Hey, like how do you get clients?" Like I get all my clients from word of mouth. And for me, that's just like a telltale sign, okay, that like you're broke. Because that's the only way that you know to go get clients. And it's not a predictable way. You can't predictably determine exactly how much word of mouth that it is that you're going to get. Where is you want to make real fortunes that's made in cold traffic. And then once you understand, okay, cool. I'm going after cold traffic. Then comes the question of what is it that cold traffic needs to see in order to take the action that I want them to do to fill out that form or to become a customer in order to craft a offer that works on cold traffic. You need to be able to solve a pressing problem for a widpread market. If you were to walk down to the local food court and you were to stand on a table and you would say, "Hey, who's interested in whatever it is that I've got?" So, if you're a mortgage broker, who's interested in saving money on their mortgage? And if you can't get a large percentage of that market to raise their hand and go, "Yep, I'm interested in that." Then your offer is not going to work on cold traffic. And that is what is indicative of what a cold traffic marketplace looks like. So, what does cold traffic want? Well, it wants what everybody wants. It wants less work and more money. It wants to be able to get benefits in easy, quick ways that require little effort from their end, but big, big upside. They want eternal youth. They want to get rich quick. They want six-pack abs without ever doing a workout. They want guaranteed solutions. And if you're trying to sell something that is not those things, then you are going to have a real hard time. Now, you might be thinking, "Hey, Sri, well, that doesn't fit into what I've got. How do I make what I've got fit into one of those buckets in a way that I can still sleep at night, that seems ethical to me, and that I'm actually doing things in a way that is true to myself and my business. I'm going to show you how to do that." Because the other path is no, I don't want to play that game. Cool. Well, I can tell you where that path goes. It goes to Broke Town. Because unless you understand how the human brain is wide and you play that game, then you're always going to be struggling to get new clients for your business or get new customers coming in. So, let's look at some of the components that your offer needs to have. You need to be able to make a specific claim like this is what the outcome that it is that you'll get if you buy my product or do business with me. You will lose 12 kgs in 6 weeks. They don't want to just lose weight. They want to lose a quantifiable amount of weight and they want to lose it in a specific time frame. And if we're going to take it up even another notch, they want to do it in a way that's easy to them and that requires the least amount of effort required. If you can't do that, you're like, "Well, hey sub, that's not how it works. Like, I can't make a specific claim. Everybody's different. Their hormones are different. Their weight loss journey is different." Cool. You can sit in that chair if you want, but you can have a hard life while you sit in there. Instead, what you want to do is you want to flip the lens and you want to actually look at the data. You want to look at all of the clients that you've worked with over the lifetime of your business and actually have the measurements in place to be able to see how much weight did they lose, how much time did it take on average. And then you want to take that and you want to then make your claim specific around the actual data. Then once you have made that specific claim for whatever your market is, then you need to be able to take the risk that is present in that transaction because all transaction has risk in it. And your goal as a business owner is to burden as much of that risk on your business and not on the prospect as possible. So you need to make a offer that has the risk reversed in that transaction where you burden the bulk of that because that is the thing that removes friction in a transaction and that's exactly what needs to take place on cold traffic. Then even once you have reversed the majority of the risk in that transaction then you still need to show undeniable unquestionable proof that you have done this before many many times. The more times that you have done it and that you can prove, not just say that you've done it, you can actually show the receipts that you've actually done it. Then the higher the conversion rate will be on all of your funnels because everyone thinks that they're different. They're like, "Hey, that might sound all good, but I am a special fairy. I have unique qualities to me." And because of that, whatever this offer is that this business is making, it's going to be different for me because I've just got all these different things going on in my life and my body and my business and all of the excuses that they come to. like you need to physically show them. You can't just tell them. You have to show them. And that's where the saying comes from, show don't tell. So once you have proven that you've gotten this result thousands of times, then you need to make your solution to the problem that your prospect has a push button solution and require the least amount of work from them as physically possible. It needs to be a repeatable, predictable system so people understand that if I buy this, if I do what it is that you're telling me to do, then I will get this outcome in an easy way. There aren't all these different hidden variables that I need to take into consideration. And for you, if we're looking through the weight loss lens again, you might be thinking like, I don't know what their sleep's like, their vitamin, their nutritions, their hormones, their all of their different hereditary issues that they've got. Do they got any medical conditions? Yeah, all of that stuff is there. But if you're going to always be putting it in that basket and say there are all these other things, then to the prospect, right, to the cold traffic prospect, that just seems like there are all of these other things that are going to prevent me from getting the outcome. So why would I take the step that they're asking me to because it's not a system. It's not something that they have derived. That's where it comes down to. You actually have to spend the time and energy and figure out what these numbers look like for your clients. If you aren't measuring client success in your business, if you don't have a repeatable process, then you shouldn't really be going out there and trying to sell it at cold traffic anyway because a huge percentage of your customers aren't going to get the outcome that it is that they want because you haven't spent the time and energy upfront to look at all the data to look at all the clients that you've worked with and actually boil that down and synthesize it into a step-by-step formula that will get more of the people who come through that the outcome that you're promising than the alternative. So that's first step one. You actually have to do that. And then once you've got it, then you can communicate that to cold traffic. And then that's what gets them to buy. Which brings us to step three, which is what I call knife to the neck. And this is the lens that I look through whenever it is that I craft any ad, any campaign or any funnel is subre. What would you put in this offer and in this funnel if somebody had a knife to your neck and they were literally going to behead you unless it converted? And yes, it sounds very dramatic, but when you start to see success in business and you've got a lot of money in the bank account, it's very easy to get disconnected to actually having to make funnels work and having to make offers work. When I started my agency, King Kong, I was making 150 cold calls to complete strangers and I was calling people up. they were running Google ads and I'd say, "Hey, XYZ business owner, I can see that you're running Google ads, but you don't appear anywhere in the organic search results. You're on the on the side street of Google and you're paying Main Street prices. How about I put you on the main street of Google and you pay sid street prices, very clear offer a lot of people when I was going out and making that, they had heard that offer before. Yeah, I I I know what search engine optimization is, Subbury, like I know what SEO is." And I was constantly found myself in basically trying to having a convincing argument with the prospect on the telephone like, "Hey, I can do this." And trying to prove to them that I can do it. And after doing that for about 3 or 4 weeks and getting my teeth kicked in, I said, "Hey, like I need to come up with an offer that is so compelling that people will feel stupid to say no to it and they will just have to buy like they have no other choice but to buy this thing because it is such a compelling offer." And that was when I developed something called the Godfather strategy, which is to make a offer to your prospects so good that they simply can't refuse. And I came up with a guarantee, which is I would guarantee to get you on page one of Google in 90 days or I would work for free until I did. And that completely changed my business overnight. Instead of having convincing arguments over the telephone, I was making a compelling offer. And I was converting complete strangers into customers in one call for a 12-month contract that was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to my business. And word got out and that changed the industry. Everyone started copying that offer cuz it worked so well. And that showcases the power of when you have an offer that is so compelling, people just buy. And when I went through that process for my own business, it was very uncomfortable. It was like, holy [ __ ] I got like skin in the game. my next on the line. Either I don't deliver the outcome to these clients, then I'm not going to have any money coming in and I'm going to be doing all the service, but I'm not going to be making all the money. And I have a saying, if the offer doesn't keep the founder up at night, then it simply isn't strong enough. Which brings us to step number four, and that is to sell the way the market wants to buy. I had to learn this the hard way in my business. When I was first selling SEO, I was like, "Hey, like keywords don't really matter because I'm going to work on this person's website. I'm going to increase their authority. I'm going to be building their backlink profile. And I'm going to be optimizing their whole website. And as a result of that, they're going to end up ranking for hundreds of keywords. So why would I sell like the keyword packages that my industry is known for selling are selling like 30 or 50 or 100 keywords cuz that doesn't really make any sense. They're going to get way more than that. I got a brilliant idea. What I'll do is I'll just start selling unlimited keywords and I'll just say, "Hey, when the client asks me how many keywords do I get?" I'll be like, "You get unlimited." and they're that's going to be so compelling and they're going to really want that. And what I did is I took that offer and I went out to the marketplace and I got my ass handed to me because I was trying to sell the way that I thought the market should buy and not the way that it does buy. Prospects just couldn't wrap their head around it. Like what do you mean I'm going to get unlimited keywords? That just doesn't make any sense. Like the whole conversation became about how many of these unlimited keywords they were going to get. and it took all the emphasis and the concentration off the problem that they had and the outcome that they wanted. And it was like this red herring that just distracted them. And so I was like, "Okay, I'm going to go and lick my wounds and I'm going to go back to the way that the market has been conditioned to buy, which is keyword packages." And it was like a light switch went on. As soon as I went back to that, of course, the customers came flying in again. And because it doesn't matter how you want to sell what it is that you've got, you simply cannot defy the laws of gravity. What you want to do is just go, how is my market buying these things? Let me just do that, but in a way more compelling and more effective way. Then once you've identified how the market actually buys, and now you are selling the way they want to buy, here comes the most important part of all, and that is to sell what it is that people want. I'm going to say that again. Sell what it is that people want. Not what is convenient, not what you have an interest in, not what it is that your expertise puts you in a position to sell. No, no, no, no, no. You want to sell what it is that people want. If you don't get this right, nothing else matters. And the way that you figure out what people want is to simply look at the market and find out what everybody is buying and then to sell that, but to sell it in a better way. And don't come at me and quote some Steve Jobs quote of like I don't want to ask my prospects what they want because they don't know what they want. I'm going to give them what they need. Steve is a once ina-lifetime dude. When we are doing that we are not trying to reinvent the wheel. We are trying to simply figure out what it is that the market is buying in huge quantities irrationally emotionally. And that is the big subset of your market. And that's exactly what it is that we're going to sell. And if that's what you don't have, I don't care what you need to do. You need to change your business model to be able to sell that thing. And then what you can do as a back-end offer is you can take what it is that you've got to sell that you really have a passion for selling if you're absolutely pigheaded on this and you can't let let it go and you know that it benefits your customers and you can sell that as a back-end offer after you've made the first offer to cold traffic convert. Now, at this stage, you're probably thinking like what Sabry is saying right now, it doesn't sit right with me because he's telling me to sell what everybody wants. But what I want to do is I want to sell what they actually need. Oh my god. If you do that, you are in for a rude awakening. Trust me, I have learned this. I have paid for this mistake in full so you don't have to. So, mark my words, that's not what it is that you want to do. This is instead what you want to do. You want to use a strategy that I call the Trojan horse technique, which is to sell people what they want and then give them what it is that they need. Take Tim Ferrris's book, The 4-Hour Work Week. The 4-hour work week. What that sells you is escapism. You only need to work 4 hours a week. The dream. You're going to be living the dream and you're going to be living on the beach and you're going to only be working 4 hours a week. That's what Tim sold. He sold that escape. what he really delivered was productivity hacks and a way to structure your life to get more done with less inputs. And so that is a perfect use case of selling the market what it is that they're starving for, but then delivering them what they actually need, which brings us to step number five, traffic. So once you've gone, you've done all of those steps in place, you indeed have an irresistible offer that works on cold traffic, now is the time of like, what traffic do I run? This is a question that I get all the time. Sabrey, is Google or Facebook better? So the way that I look at traffic is that it boils down into two buckets. And the first bucket is demand capture. And that is when there is already demand present in your marketplace. I.e. There are people on Google that are jumping on there or they're going to be on chat GBT typing in the problem that they've got and looking for solutions to that problem. And simply all you're doing is you're capturing those customers and you're capturing the demand that already is present in that marketplace and you're funneling them through to your offer. This is the easiest type of traffic to convert because they already know that they have a problem. They're customers that I like to call have a bleeding neck and they need an immediate solution to solve that problem. You don't need to be a master in persuasion to be able to sell a bowl of water to someone that is incredibly thirsty. Then the next bucket is demand generation and that is cold traffic. And that is when you go out to a marketplace and you actually generate demand for whatever it is that you've got to sell. It's for people that wake up in the morning and they don't have any understanding that they have a need for whatever it is that you've got. and then they see an ad and you take them through a series of steps in a persuasive way that goes, "Hey, I'm actually interested in this. Let me find out more about it." And the litmus test that you want to do is you want to look and see, are people actively looking for whatever it is that I've got to sell. Is it in the thousands? Ideally, in the tens or hundreds of thousands of people that are doing those searches every single month. You can use a whole bunch of keyword tools out there. I'm not going to get into the specifics. Google has one called Google keyword planner where you can type in your keywords and it will show you exactly how many people are searching for those keywords per month and also what is the cost to reach those people. And the issue with demand capture is that the total number of people that are searching for whatever it is that you've got every month that becomes the constraint on your business because you're you can't lift that number. So whatever that is once you keep on increasing your ad spend every month so that you are reaching a good portion of those people that's it your business becomes plateaued at that and that brings us to demand generation. Cracking cold traffic is the ultimate superpower. If you do it you always are holding the steering wheel of your life because you are able to literally go out there and generate demand for whatever it is that you've got. And the only constraint on that becomes the more money that you spend, the colder audiences that you are going to reach out to. And as those audiences get colder and colder, your skill in persuasion and crafting a funnel and salesmanship has to get higher and higher the colder the traffic because you're speaking to a bigger group of people. And the message needs to be, you know, open enough to still be appealing to all of those people, but actually specific enough to get them to convert. And that wherein lies the problem. That is a very difficult thing. But that is the game. That's the game that you want to master. All good things are difficult. And so when you really put yourself in the position where you're like, I'm going to crack this [ __ ] I'm going to learn cold traffic. It's the last thing I do. And you operate with that knife to the neck mentality, you will find a way. You will use what I'm telling you in this video. And you will crack an offer on cold traffic. And when you do that, your life will materially be changed forever because the fortune is made in the cold traffic market. That's where all the fortunes are made. Now, the reason that people can't get cold traffic to convert is this is how they operate their business. They create their business because they had a problem and then they solve that problem for themselves and then they're like, "Hey, I'm pretty good at this. Why don't I start a business in this? I love cooking. Let me go start a catering business." business and then they develop their business and then they spend all this time and energy on building up that business, setting up all the infrastructure, hiring the people, doing everything that it is that they need to do. And then they're like, okay, now let me promote this business. Let me start running ads on Facebook or on Google and let me get the word out. Let me get the word out about my business. And you might be like, why is he laughing? That's completely logical. Well, the reason that I'm laughing is cuz I have made that mistake and I have worked with thousands of clients in a 136 different countries around the world. And I have seen this just as a massive persistent problem. The reason that it's a problem is that you're taking your business and then you're trying to mold it to these traffic channels and you're like, well, this is what I've got. Let me try to get the word out and let me try and sell it. And then you figure out that people don't actually want to buy it like this. Like this isn't compelling, right? This isn't an offer. This isn't something that actually a vast majority of people like, "Yep, I've got a need. That sounds like a good solution. Let me buy that." Instead, what you want to do is you want to start with the traffic channel first. You want to think about again what are offers that are working on Facebook and what are offers that are working on Google and then let me start a business in that. So, it's a completely different lens to look through it through. But if you do it that way, then you've already got the traffic built in. you've already taken out the traffic risk, which is the biggest risk that there is, is are people buying this on this traffic channel? If you can limit that, if you already know that people are buying this on this traffic channel, then you just simply need to build a better mousetrap for that traffic channel and then your offer is going to convert on cold traffic. And a story about this in my own business. So when I graduated from making cold calls to businesses and I had saved up enough money like a squirrel in the winter, I'd hoarded up enough nuts to start going out and actually buying traffic. I looked at all the traffic channels and I said, "Okay, where do you have some strengths? Which is the game that you're going to play, Sbury, based on all this money that's taken you months to accumulate and that means so much to you because you literally started your business with $50 and here you are, you were barely paying rent and now you got enough money to start running ads. You have got a knife to your neck, Sabry. Where are you going to start running ads? And so I looked at Google ads and I saw, hey, for for the keyword SEO agency, it was 36 bucks a click. I was like, okay, a lot of people have already been doing that and are doing that right now. What's the advantage that I've got? You don't have as much social proof in them. You haven't been around for as long as them. Your team isn't as big as them. You don't have a nice big fancy office. You don't have any advantage subre. You're [ __ ] If you run this traffic channel, that's what you are. You're [ __ ] It's 36 bucks a click. and if you had a knife to your neck, you would probably be beheaded. So, okay, cool. I'm not going to do that. Not going to start with Google ads. That's not where I want to go. Then, Facebook ads weren't even around back then. So, then I did the most unconventional thing that you could do. And as a digital marketing agency, I started running ads on radio. And the only reason that I did that is because the fishing is best where the fewest go. And there were no other digital agencies that were fishing on radio because obviously there's a disconnect there. I'm promoting digital marketing, but I'm running ads on radio. However, I did that and I never forget, I negotiated a deal with the radio guy, and I then immediately got a discount on traffic because what I did with him is I said, like, look, I'm not going to pay your normal spot. I don't have the money to pay your normal spot. However, whenever you can't fill a spot, here's $14,000. I'm I've already It's already in your bank account. Whenever you can't fill a spot, you run my spot. But I want to pay 50% what you charge for that spot. If there's one thing that a sales guy doesn't like doing is sending money back. So he already had that money. And so he felt forced and compelled. And what do you know? After about 2 weeks, every morning I would wake up and I'd get a traffic report with how many ad spots that my radio ad had run. And so it started running. I was getting a discount on the traffic. And that was demand generation. I was running a message. I was putting it out to people that were listening to radio and I was making a cold traffic offer to them. Which brings us to the sixth point. Market selection trumps all. Most people are completely obsessed with copyrightiting and funnels. And they all their attention and focus goes on how to say things in a compelling way rather than who to say those things to. And you need to be a student of markets. You need to really understand which is the market that you want to go after because that is the thing that matters the most. It matters more than the ads. It matters more than the funnel. It matters more than the offer. Is who is it that you're going after? What is a hot market? And you might be in one market right now. And there will be all these other adjacent markets. The same skill, the same offer that you've got would be applicable to those other markets. But if you don't always have your lenses on, like looking at what your market is doing, what are the other adjacent markets to your market doing and where is moving the most gross volume and you can find out all this stuff by looking at industry reports and just figure out how much value, how big is a certain industry and they're the things that it is that you want to study. You don't want to be like, I'm operating in this market, so I'm only going to look at opportunities that are within this market, or I'm only going to look at funnels in this market, or I'm only going to focus on this customer in this market. You want to be a student of all markets, even if you're not in those industries, because that's what keeps you sharp. And the five biggest gold mine markets that I have found from building over 2,000 funnels for my clients is that diet is a massive one. There's always going to be people that are looking to lose weight. You can do it in so many different niches from housewives to busy business executives. It's just a monster monster market. The second gold mine market is the look younger niche and that is any product or service that you can sell to make somebody look better or to look younger. The third gold mine market is get rich quick. You want to have a look at whatever vehicle that you've got to make somebody wealthy. And if you're offering a quick solution to that, that market is always going to be enormous. Whether it's property development or it's some advocacy business or it's coaching or consulting whatever it might be that market is enormous and will forever be enormous. The fourth gold mine market is the biz op business opportunity market where you're selling to somebody a idea for them to start a business and to create their own business for themselves which is in like the whole wealth attraction that is an enormous market and will always be one. And the fifth gold my market is pain relief. Whether it's back pain, it's nerve damage, you name it. I'm not going to get into all the specifics of the niche. If you're offering something that removes pain for somebody, you will always have customers. And to summarize market selection, Warren Buffett summarizes this perfectly. It doesn't matter how hard you row, it matters which boat you choose to get into. And that's what it comes down to when it comes to market selection. You want to be looking at hot markets that are huge, that are enormous, that have a huge group of people that have a huge need for whatever the solutions are in that marketplace. And then you want to enter into that niche. And you want to sell a better mousetrap to that starving market in a more compelling way with everything that I'm about to teach you next, which brings us to step number seven, which is something that I like to call bullseye market hit. And that is in every single market there is a bullseye that exists. And it does not matter whether you hit that thing with a rubber bullet or a sniper rifle. It just matters that it is that you hit it. And the way that you figure this out is by having the mindset is you're willing to pivot your business. You're willing to pivot your offer until you find that bullseye market hit. And again, it comes back to the point I was making earlier is you need to be fluid in your business practice and not be pigheaded and be like, "This is a product that I've got and I've just got to sell You need to keep on changing your business and what it looks like until you find that bullseye of your market where people do pull out their wallets and they buy in droves and they buy irrationally and emotionally and they just want whatever it is that you've got. And the way that you do that is you look at your landing page, you look at your rorowaz, you look at your cost per lead, your customer acquisition cost. I'm going to dive into all of those specific points and show you exactly how you troubleshoot all of those in a moment. But the first thing is just to understand that you're going to need to have the fluidity in your business to keep iterating your offer and what it is that you're selling until you do find that bullseye. And look, let me be the bearer of bad news. Once you do all of these things and you launch your offer, you are not going to crush it straight out of the gate. Because let me just paint a picture for you. the highest paid copywriters in the world that only take on clients that have a proven offer and what we call a control, something that is already running. They have a funnel, a sales page, a VSSL, and it's already working. Then they find the best copywriters in the world and they say, "Hey, I wonder what this funnel would convert at. I paid the best guy in the world to write the copy." So then they reach out to the best copywriters in the world and they pay them upwards of $150,000 to write a sales message or a video sales letter. Then they get 10% of all sales that that message produces for them into perpetuity for as long as they continue to run that with the best most vetted people in the world and still 30% hit rate is what they have. Meaning that 70% of the time that they go through that exercise, whatever it is that that promo that that the best copywriter in the world writes for them, it doesn't work 70% of the time. So, who are you to think that you are going to be able to build something and absolutely crush it straight out of the gate. It just doesn't happen. It very rarely happens. So, instead, you go through with the mindset of like, I'm going to build all this. I'm going to put all this time and energy into it, and then the chances are it's still not going to work. And that's okay because I'm going to keep iterating and testing until I get it to work. And that's where all the fortunes are made. Which brings us to step number eight, funnel economics. And this is the flip side of that. We just spoke about how hard it is to actually get an offer that converts on cold traffic. Well, the thing that I see holding more people back with scaling their offers than anything else is confidence. It's not copyrightiting. It's not the opt-in rate. conversion rate, rorowaz, any of that [ __ ] ad account structure, it's simply confidence. Because the amount of people that do cross that chasm and they actually do get an offer that converts on cold traffic and I sit down with them and they're like, "Yo, Sabry, I'm just trying to scale my business." I'd be like, "Cool. Where are you at?" They're like, "I'm at 100 grand a month. I want to be doing a million a month." I'll be like, "Okay, cool. What's the constraint? What is the area that's breaking when you do more of it? Why can't you get this to a million dollar a month?" Oh. Oh, yeah. We can't get to a million dollars a month right now cuz we don't have enough leads. Okay, why don't you have enough leads? Well, it's the Facebook ads. Yeah, we don't have enough leads because of Facebook ads. Okay, well, how much are you spending on Facebook ads? Oh, I'm spending 50 grand a month. Okay, cool. Have you ever tried spending 100 grand a month? These are just rough numbers, right? It can be 10 grand. It can be whatever. Um, no, I haven't. Why not? Um, I don't know. Okay, well, let's start there. So, more often than not, 80% of the time, it's a mindset issue. It's not a conversion issue. It's not a tactical I don't know what to do issue. It's just they don't have enough confidence to be like, yo, just go and do it. And a bunch of times I don't even need to work with those people. I'm just like, yo, how about just double your ad spend and then come back to me and let me know how you go. And then they do that and their business explodes. You need to understand the economics in your business, which I'm going to dive into right now and show you what it looks like. What are the economics in a business look like? What do they need to look like in your funnel? How do you know when to spend more, when not to spend more, and when things need to get changed? So, the first lens that you need to look at is what is the goal? We're trying to get to $100,000 a month. Okay, terrific. What do we need to do to get to $100,000 a month? How many customers do we need to sell? At what price point? So, then you figure that out and then you, okay, cool. This is how many it's going to take. What are we at right now? We're at 100. We need to get to a,000. How do we get to a,000? We're going to need to spend more money. Then from there, you just dial back every single step of the funnel. Everything that it takes to get a customer. Okay, what do we need to get to get a customer? We need to get leads. Okay, cool. How many leads do we need to get to get that many customers? And you do this by just looking at your numbers and just figuring out on average what your close rate is. And you want to dial it back at every single stage. And once you do that exercise, you're going to know every single step in your salesunnel. And you're going to become very, very clear on what the constraint is. And all of these numbers stem from one number. And that one number is lifetime value of a client. Because once you understand how much a client is worth to your business, what is the total amount of profit that they deliver to your business over their entire lifetime of doing business with you? Then we can figure out from that number what we are willing and able to spend in order to acquire that customer, which brings us to the second most important metric, which is customer acquisition cost, CAC. And what you need to do to figure out your lifetime value of a customer, this is a down and dirty back of the napkin way, is you basically look at the total amount of revenue that you've done in your business and you divide that by the number of customers and the number of clients. That's going to give you the total sales. And then you do that also for your net profit. And you just divide how much net profit you've done in the overall lifetime of your business. The longer the time window, the better. And divide that by the number of customers. And that is a down and dirty way of giving you what your lifetime value of a customer is. Then once you've got that, we are then going to look at what are you able to burden as a business in order to acquire that customer. And my rule is you should be willing and able to spend 33% of what your LTV is in order to acquire a customer. Do not fall off your chair. Do not be up in arms. I am saying being willing and able. That doesn't mean that you need to actually spend that amount, but your business needs to be set up in a way that you can burden those costs. And if you can't, that means that there are some other issues in the other cost centers of your business that need to be optimized in order for you to be able to burden a 33% customer acquisition cost on LTV. And this is where I hear all the Facebook gurus in the stands, I get a,000% rorowaz, I get, you know, 2,600%. And these are on all tiny chicken [ __ ] numbers. They're small little brokies that aren't doing any real numbers and they're claiming these things. So, let me clear something up. ROAZ and ROI, they don't mean anything. You can spend a,000 bucks a month and have a 3,000% ROI. Who gives a [ __ ] It's not going to change your life. It's not going to be able to help you retire your spouse, help your parents without it's not going to help you be able to do any of that stuff. The thing that trumps that is net free cash flow. Let me just boil it down into simple terms. I send the money soldiers out every month. And how many money soldiers do they return with at the end of that month? It doesn't matter what the percentage is. It matters how many come back to Papa. Would you rather have a,000% ROI on $1,000 or would you rather have a 150% ROI on a million dollars? That's all that matters is how much additional net free cash flow is in your bank account at the end of the month. So, don't get caught up with the percentages. As you spend more on your ads and on your funnels, the economics are going to get pressure tested. The customer acquisition cost is going to go high. But the thing that you want to monitor is, are you making more money at the end of every month than you were when you were spending a small amount of money, which brings us to the third funnel economics? And this is something that very few people, if any, ever talk about, and it's called payback period. Because even if you have a $1,000 LTV, we'll just call it that for calculation sake, and it cost you 300 bucks to acquire that customer, that LTV, it doesn't all come in in month one. It might take 3 months to come in. It might take 6 months. It might take 12 months. It might take 2 years. And so then what happens is the CAC that you spend in the first 30 days, it often times is higher than the money that you receive of that client in the first 30 days because that lifetime comes in their lifetime, right? It doesn't come in 30 days. And that means that you create what we call a cash trough. There is less money in your bank account in the first 30 days than what started because of the money that you put into actual ads to acquire the customer. And so the third metric is what does that payback period look like? How long does it take us to repay the customer acquisition cost? Is it 90 days? Is it 60 days? You need to get very very clear on what that looks like for your business because that's going to give you the confidence to spend more money to acquire those customers. If you know how long it takes you to break even on that and then to turn a profit on that. And in a perfect world, you're going to be breaking even in 30 days where you spend money on the credit card, it's not owed for 30 days, and by the time it's owed, you've already made enough money on those customers. But just know this, the person who can afford to spend the most to acquire a customer is the one that wins. And I can tell you from working with thousands of clients all over the world that this is a thing that most business owners obsess over. And that is, how do I reduce my customer acquisition cost subre? How do I get cheaper leads? How do I increase my rorowaz? They obsess over this. Like they spend 80% of their time on reducing CAC. And this is fundamentally flawed thinking. Instead, the real ballers, the big movers in any market, they spend 80% of their time thinking about how do they increase their LTV? How do they make clients worth more to them over their entire lifetime? How do I launch new products to get people buy other products that is different from the core product? How do I have better retention in my service-based business to increase my LTV? Because they understand if you can provide the most amount of value to your marketplace, then those customers are going to give you a piece of that value. Therefore, they're going to be worth more to you. They're worth more to you. If you have a greater LTV than anybody else, then guess what? Then by default, you can spend more to acquire that customer. You want to spend 80% of your time focusing on how do I increase lifetime value and 20% of your time focusing on how do I decrease my customer acquisition cost. Other ways to do that is most people they only have an offer. They don't have a business. What do I mean by that? They simply have no backend to their business. They've got a front-end offer that they go out to cold traffic with and their entire business lives and breathes of their ability to make profit on that first order. Instead, what you want to do is you want to develop a backend to your business. What is the second, the third, and the fourth thing that you sell to that same customer? Because you want to be in the reorder business, not in the order business. You want to continually serve that client and have all these other offers on the back end. That is the shest way to fatten up the bottom line of a business is like, hey, this person came in and bought this thing. I spent the acquisition cost to get them. I ran all the money on ads. I paid for all of this XYZ. all the customer support. If I just offer them something else and they buy right now, that's almost pure profit. And the more of a backend that your business can have, the healthier it will be and the more profitable will be because the higher the lifetime value of a customer will be for you. And then once you understand these things, you need to track everything. You need to track where is the best lifetime value that you get by traffic channel. What is the lifetime value of a custom that we get from Google versus Facebook? because it might be that yeah they do cost you more to acquire a customer on Google but the lifetime value is double. This brings us to step number nine and that is the different types of funnels for different price points. So once you understand what those economics look like now we need to determine which is going to be the best type of funnel to sell that offer because different sales formats make sense at different price points. For instance, you can't have a huge long and drawn out salesunnel if you're selling a product that is 50 bucks. It's just the cost to advertise to get that person into your funnel and into your world. It goes up at every single stage of the funnel. So, if you do that, it's just not going to make sense. And typically, the rule of thumb that we think about is how much information is required in order for this prospect to make this purchase. I.e., If you're selling somebody a $5 million home, the chances are there's going to be quite a lot of information that's going to need to be provided in that sales cycle versus if you're selling somebody the idea of trying a new Pilates class. So, the first sales format that we're going to be looking at is what we call a textbased sales letter. And the price elasticity for a textbased sales letter is $97 and below. So, this is typically the most effective sales modality for doing that. And that is just a page that you send people to that is predominantly made up of text and images that then gets them to take the desired step that you want them to, which in most instances is bias. So the reason that it makes sense to send them through to a page like this, it's completely ungated. It doesn't make them opt in for any information. It doesn't make them watch a video or attend a webinar or anything like that. they can go through, they can get all of the information that it is that they need on this textbased sales letter and then they can be presented with the option to buy or to take that next step. And the reason why it makes sense at $97 and below is because that is such a low LTV on a client that anything else would just increase the friction and all the costs associated just to get people to see your offer in the first place. The next price point is the $97 up to a $297 price point. And the most effective sales modality to sell to those people or salesunnel is what we call an ungated naked VSSL. And that is where you send traffic through to a page that simply has a headline on it and a video sales letter underneath it. There's nothing else on the page. And the reason that we do that is that when somebody arrives on that page, the headline is usually about some authority figure is revealing the way to achieve the big benefit that it is that they want. So there's enough intrigue for somebody to watch that actual video, but from when they look at it, it looks purely informational. There's no buy now button. There's no other bells and whistles on that page. It's simply a logo, a headline, and a video, and that's it. And then once they're watching that information, it's entertaining them or it's educating them through that process. And once you hold them for enough, then you make your offer. And once you make your offer to them, that then holds their attention and it educates or entertains them to the point where you've made enough of a sales pitch that you can make an offer to them. And then at that stage is when a button pops below the video and they have the option to buy. The next funnel is from the 297 price point all the way up to the $997 price point. And it's what we call a gated VSSL. And that's where somebody arrives on a page and they have to give you their name and email address and maybe even their contact details in exchange to watch the information that you're about to let them consume. And that's what gets us an opt-in and a lead. It allows us to get people in a sea of other people to raise their hand and say, "Hey, I'm interested in whatever it is that you've got to sell." Then once they do that, they go through to the information, which is then the VSSL, and then they can watch that, and then that's when you make your offer. And the reason that it makes sense at this price point is that you want to have the ability to nurture and follow up with those people that don't buy. And by adding that gate where someone has to give you their contact details, that increased the cost that it costs to get someone to actually just view your sales message. But at that price point, the tradeoff is worth it. It makes sense to get people's name and their contact details and then enter them into an email funnel that nurtures and educates and follows up and builds goodwill with those people. That is worth more than sending people directly through to an offer page to buy an offer that's up to a,000 bucks. Cuz it's just that's how the economics stack up. Trust me, we've tested it. It's what makes the most sense at that price point. Now, the next funnel is designed for people that are selling something from that $1,000 mark roughly up to around that $25,000 mark. Whether it's a it's a course or it's a product or it's something that requires a little bit more education in order for them to buy because naturally it's a higher price point. And the best salesunnel for doing that is what we call a webinar funnel. and it's where somebody comes through, they come to a webinar opt-in page, they give you their name and contact details to attend a webinar that is coming up. And the way that this is different to a gated VSSL is that it appears to be live or it is live. And that's because whenever you have an event, it increases the conversions because it it feels like it's live and it's happening right now and then people are attending the webinar. And then when you make your offer, you have that sense of urgency because it's a limited time offer cuz you're making it on a webinar that is an event. And so that increases urgency and they have to buy which is increases the conversion rate. And then the last salesunnel is purely designed to sell products or services that are around that $2500 mark up to $50,000, $100,000, and even into the million dollars. And that's what we call a book a call funnel. And it is a funnel that you are doing exactly that. You're getting people to book a call with a sales team that they can speak to or a specialist that can run through and do a proper needs analysis of what the problems that they're experiencing, where do they want to go, and do we feel like we have the best solution in order to get them there. And there's so much nuance to it that it is very difficult to sell to those people in an automated fashion. And the best economics make sense is when someone can actually speak to somebody. Which brings us to step number 10, which is the nine questions that every salesunnel must answer. Because you must be thinking like, hey, okay, cool. What do I actually put in this sales message submar? What's in the funnel that actually gets these people to convert? Well, I have boiled it down to these nine questions that every salesunnel must answer. And the first one is, is this of personal interest to me? So you need to call out in the headline or the headline complex who this offer is for. Who does it serve? And it sounds very simple, but unless you get this fundamental thing right, people aren't going to be reading the rest of your sales message. And the best rule of thumb to have is to all of your headlines is to have a big benefit and a huge amount of intrigue behind that. So that's going to be an identity trigger for everyone that wants that outcome. And then there's going to be enough curiosity in that headline complex to get people to read the next part of your sales message. And the next question is, why should I pay attention to this right now? Why is it timely? Why is it urgent? Why shouldn't I just keep doing whatever it is that I was doing before reading your sales message and entering into your funnel? So, there needs to be a level of urgency so that person doesn't just close the tab and go back to whatever it is that they were doing. So whether that's breaking news, whether it's a limiting time offer, whether it's some new details that are emerged about this and it really sucks them in to like, wow, like I need to actually read this right now. You have to answer that because unless you do that, you're not going to make the first sale, which is getting and holding somebody's attention. And the third thing that every salesunnel must answer is, is this exactly the right solution for me? You need to get very very clear on what the other alternatives are for the prospect and why this solution that you've got right now is the absolute perfect solution to the problem that your market is facing. And you need to articulate that straight up front. So that noise that is that little voice in their head is not deafening of like why this I've got all these other options. You need to specifically address it. Why this is the exact solution that they need. And the fourth step is you need to address why that this is new, unique, exciting, predictable, and huge. This offer that you've got, it needs to have those elements to it. Otherwise, it will simply be ignored. The marketplace is just flooded with ads and offers. And unless what you have got is new and novel and it's exciting and there's some new spin to it, then people simply will not pay attention. The fifth thing is what undeniable proof do you have to prove the claims that it is that you're making? You need to show people beyond a shadow of a doubt that the solution that you've got has helped thousands of people just like them to solve the exact problem that they've got. You simply can't say it. You need to be able to stack it. Screenshots, before and afters, emails, text messages, anything. Reviews that you've gotten from clients. You need to be able to show the most skeptical of prospect that you have unquestionable enough proof that you can help them solve this problem that they've got right now. And the more proof, the better. Because the louder the claims that you're making, the more proof that you need to have to make them believable. The sixth thing is how does it actually work? You need to step by step take someone through the process of exactly what's going to happen after they take the desired action that you're asking them to. Whether it's to fill out a lead or to buy, what is the actual steps? What is the formula? What is the framework? And how does it actually work? You can't just make these and then show proof and expect that that's enough. You need to take that prospect by the hand and walk them through what that journey is going to look like for them. The seventh element that all salesunnel must include is what other people are saying about it. What is the other elements of social proof? Yes, we've showed all the before and afters. We've done that stuff. Now, we need to actually hear from the customers themselves, ideally in video. If you don't have videos, text will do. You want to show all the reviews that you've got. You want to really showcase to that customer what all of these other people are saying about you because that is also much more compelling than you simply saying it or just showing proof. But you need to have other customers that are just like them telling them about how your product or service changed their life. The eighth point is what guarantee do you have in place that this is going to work for me? Yes, you showed me all the proof you this parade of people that have come in and told me about all the life-changing results that they've also gotten. Cool. I still don't believe you. I'm still skeptical as [ __ ] What is the guarantee that you've got because I am a unique butterfly again and I need this to specifically address my uniqueness and in order for me to buy, I'm going to need a guarantee. So, you need to have a strong guarantee. You can be a conditional guarantee. It can be an unconditional guarantee. Whatever it might be, you need to remove the risk that is present in that transaction. You need to burden that as the business owner to guarantee that if they do what it is that you're asking them to do, they too will get all these incredible benefits because anybody that sees you on the internet automatically hates you. And so you need to think about it is what is it that I need to actually guarantee in the terms and conditions in writing that removes any risk that is present and it ensures me that 100% I'm going to get the outcome or I'm either going to get my money back. And the ninth and the last point is what do you want me to do next? It sounds simple, but the amount of people that I see close their sales message selling from their heels and holding their punches and doesn't literally just come out and tell the person exactly what to do. I.e., if this sounds like something of interest to you, if you want to get these benefits, what you simply need to do is click on this button. Once you click on this button, this is what's going to happen next. This is exactly what you want to do, and you need to do it right now. You need to not beat around the bush. Just come out and say exactly what you want them to do. is it's to book a call. If it's to show up to the call, tell them you're going to book a call. You're going to go through to a calendar page. Then I'm going to need you to to pick a time that suits for your calendar. But what you do need to know is once you book that time is that I only have so many hours in a day. So you need to show up to that call because if you cancel, we won't offer you the ability to book another call in. Which brings us to the 11th point, which is selling against all the other alternatives that are present in the marketplace. We have never been living in a day and age where skepticism is so high. It's the highest it's ever been and it's only going to keep getting worse. People are skeptical as [ __ ] and they are skeptical because they have tried other solutions and they haven't gotten the results that they were promised. You're not selling in a vacuum. You're selling against all the other alternatives that your prospect has either one tried or is thinking about trying. And you really really need to get clear on this. You need to think about what is the problem that my market has right now. Why do they have that problem? and what are all the other solutions that they have tried or are entertaining trying to solve that problem and why have they failed them and you need to get very very clear on all of those things and you need to sell adamantly against those things. You need to not just say why your thing is good. You need to say why all those other things are bad. If you're selling a make money course and you're selling on why starting an agency is the best business model. You don't just go out there and say, "Hey, starting an agency is the best business model because you get location independent. It's retainers and it's high LTV." No, no, no. You have to sell against dropshipping and e-commerce businesses and all these other alternatives that are present in the marketplace. And you need to show all the flaws of why they aren't good compared to your thing. Unless you do that, you just never answer that unanswered objection in your prospect's mind. It's like, why is this the best solution? Then once you understand what it is that they want, what they've tried in the past to solve the problem, and why they still have the problem, then you come up with something called a hero mechanism. I'm not going to get into all the specifics of this because I put together this video here that shows you absolutely everything on how to craft a hero mechanism to your business, but in a nutshell, it is a way to position your offer as being new and unique and novel. And it is the key that holds the missing piece of the puzzle of why your prospect is still where they are right now. And they haven't got the solution that it is that they want. They haven't got the outcome that it is that they want because of all of these other flaws with everything else that they've tried. Which brings us to the 12th point, 4Dunnel hacking. How do we figure out what everyone else in the market is selling? So what 4D funnel hacking is is you taking a view of the market and you going through every single competitor that you sell against and going through their salesunnel and going through their process and seeing the offers that is they're making the claims that they're making the guarantees the price points that they sell at all of the contingencies that go around those elements and taking note of them. You want to create a Google sheet and you want to have the URL of those competitors. You want to have the URL of their landing pages and you want to have screenshot of all their ads and you want to be a student of these people because the only way that you can sell against all the other alternatives that are present in the marketplace is to intimately know what those alternatives are and you ideally want to be buying all of those products or services so that you can then deconstruct them. And after you deconstruct them, then you can figure out how to make a better product or service than anyone else in your marketplace is doing. But it takes a lot of time and energy and a lot of time and energy that quite frankly most people aren't willing to go through. And that's like if you do that, you can live a lifetime of pain or you can do this one painful activity for 2 3 weeks. You can figure out absolutely everything that your market is going through. every single offer that is being made to your prospect, what price point they're being sold at, and you want to track all of those elements. And it's not something that you do once and you forget about it. You want to keep your finger on the pulse of your market. If someone sneezes, you want to know when they sneeze, how loud that sneeze was. This is the way that you can control markets and the way that you win. Does it take a lot of time and effort? Yes. Is it worth it? You betcha. Every freaking scent is it worth it? Because as Sunzu says in the art of war, if you know that competitor and you know yourself, you need not fear a thousand battles and you want to know what it is that they're selling so intimately that you can sell against it so hard that when your prospect gets in front of you, they're like, "Fuck, this person knows everything. They know everything about all the solutions. They know my pain point better than anybody else. they must have the solution to my problem because they know it better than anyone that I've spoken to. And that's when your funnels start to pull their head off and convert like crazy. And there are so many tools to do that. A great place to start is to use a tool called SEM Rush where you can sign up for a free account and you can type in the competitor and their URL into it and it will show you how much traffic that they're getting on average, where is the traffic coming from, what are the landing pages that they're set sending all that traffic to. Or you can go to Facebook ads library and you can type in the name of your competitor. You can bring up their ads and you can start looking at all of the ads that they're running. you can click on those ads and go through to all the landing pages that it is that they're sending that traffic to. And this brings us to the 13th point, which is to create a Godfather offer. Once you have a complete view on the market and you know everything that your competitors are doing at what price points they're selling at, then you want to take all of that information and you want to craft what I call a godfather offer, which is an offer that is so compelling that your prospects simply can't refuse it. Because trust me when I say this, a compelling offer is 10 times more powerful than a convincing argument. You already know the lay of the land. You know everything about your prospect at this stage. And then you use all of that information and you just get a piece of paper out and you just write down in simple terms, what is an offer that I would be able to make to this marketplace that would be impossible for them not to buy it. You already know all the other claims your competition is making. You know their pain points. you know what it is that they've tried. You know where it is that they want to go and what it is that they want to achieve more than anything. And what you need to do now is make an offer to them that helps them do exactly that in a new and compelling way that they simply can't refuse. Now a litmus test if you're wondering like okay how do I know Sri is this is just a normal offer or it's a godfather offer. Well, let me caveat by saying that most business owners are walking around and they are making what we call resistable offers. It's an offer that any prospect can resist. It's very, very easy. It's not very compelling. Instead, we want to be making irresistible offers. And the way that we figure out if it's irresistible is the first litmus test is, do I lose sleep at night over this offer? Does it make me feel uncomfortable? Because if the offer doesn't keep the founder up at night, then it simply isn't strong enough. The other thing that it should do is it should reverse as much as the risk present in that transaction as humanly possible because that is a stronger offer. There is no risk to the prospect. They're just like I have to buy this because there's no risk to me. Worst case scenario is I get my money back and I don't get the outcome. But best case scenario is everything that they are saying is true and I get the outcome that I want. Win-win. I'm going to I'm going to buy. I'm going to do exactly what it is that they're asking me to do. And in terms of like guarantees and dressing up these offers and making them strong, you can use what we call a conditional guarantee, which is if the customer or prospect does everything that it is that you say that they need to do in order to get the outcome and they still don't get the outcome, then they get their money back. The next one is an unconditional guarantee, which is if you buy this and forever reason you're not happy, we'll give you your money back. That's obviously the strongest, but there's obviously an underbelly to that, which we won't dive into all the specifics in this video. And as a general rule of thumb, by having a guarantee, you will increase your sales by 30%. Just by having a guarantee. And the refund rate or the call backs on most guarantees, if you're doing them right, is well below 5%. So you do the math yourself. You'll see that the trade-off definitely makes sense. Now, the next thing you're going to be saying is, "Subrey, I can't afford to have a Godfather offer." Well, the thing is, I've got news for you. You are already paying for it right now. What do I mean? Everything that you spend is a cost to your business to acquire a customer. And that resistable offer that you've got is just that. It's resistable. And what it is doing is it inflating your customer acquisition cost. Because you operate in a world there is gravity. And you're paying a certain amount of dollars per click to get people into your world. Whether that's to opt in for your information or to actually buy what it is that you're asking them to buy, they're all costs that your business has. And so if you've got a weak offer, it just inflates all of those costs. So you can either bring in way more customers into your business, have a solid guarantee, and reduce your customer acquisition cost, or you can have a shitty week offer and pay for an inflated customer acquisition cost across all the traffic channels that you're running for your business. They all have a cost. You just need to pick which one that you want to pay because you are just one Godfather offer away from being filthy rich. Which brings us to step number 14. The offer is the spark and value is the fire. There is so much talk online about having compelling offers. But what all of these people fail to recognize is the offer is just the spark that actually starts the fire in the first place. In order for it to be a sustained fire, then you actually need value. And this is something that no one is talking about when it comes to making offers online and building a salesunnel that scales. Value is infinitely more powerful than a strong offer. Because skepticism and people being dubious about wanting to do business with you is at an all-time high that even if you do make a really compelling offer to them and you have a money back guarantee, it's they're still so skeptical and they still don't even want to go through the whole effort of buying from you and requesting their money back and going through that they just won't even do it. the size of the market that sees that as a barrier to do business with you is 80 times greater than the people that you think you're going to be making up by just having a compelling offer. And so with skepticism just constantly going up, the antidote to skepticism is value. And if you can provide value to your marketplace well in advance of ever making them an offer, that is when conversion rates shoot through the roof. And that is the thing that is hard to funnel hack. That is the real true kryptonite for a marketplace. If you can provide the most value and you can provide value to those prospects in advance of them ever doing business with you, then everything else off the back end of that, all your other metrics, they go through the roof and they look phenomenal. Because the biggest thing, the gravity that is weighing that whole marketplace, which is skepticism, is removed because you've already proved to those people that you're a trustworthy, genuine person because you've delivered value to them before you've even asked them to do business with you. And the higher the ticket of whatever it is that you're selling, the more trust and belief and a relationship there needs to be formed with that prospect in order for them to do business with you. So, if you're selling a high ticket service or product, it's anything like above $2,000, then you want to put a disproportionate amount of your time and energy and resources into creating value to your marketplace well before they buy. And that's by not only just having offers that you go out there with. You need to be putting together a sales funnel that actually gets people to raise their hand as being interested in whatever it is that you've got. And then you need to deliver value to those people in advance before you ever make an offer to them. And you do that something that I call the magic lantern technique. And it's where you draw a line and you think about all the necessary steps that someone needs to go through in order to get to the dream outcome that it is that they want to get to. and you want to provide some of those steps to them to get to that dream outcome before you ever make your offers to them. You can do that in terms of video content. You can put that in blog articles. There's a lot of ways that you can do it, but by and large, the best way I find to do it is whatever the sales vehicle that you're using, the ads that you're putting out, the salesunnel that you're putting out, the webinar, all of the different sales formats that we've discussed is to provide value when you are selling. It doesn't cost you any more to do it. And when you do that, when you provide value to the people that aren't ever going to do business with you, it dramatically increases the conversion rate from everyone in that marketplace because you're just injecting all this goodwill out into the marketplace and you're answering the biggest question. Is this person credible? Are they legit? Do they know their [ __ ] Which brings us to step number 15, which is to aggressively distribute your product or service like it is your religion. Once we've got the best product on the marketplace, it is our moral obligation to sell the living [ __ ] out of that thing. Because we know that if a prospect chooses to buy any of the other alternatives that are present in the marketplace, they are inferior to our product because we have gone through the laborious task of literally buying all of those things, tryinging all of those things and then building a better product. So, we would be providing a disservice to everyone in our marketplace if they bought a competitor's product over buying ours. And when you have that level of passion in you and that certainty, a sale is simply a transfer of energy and people can feel it. And when you're 100% sure that you've got the best product or service in your marketplace, by god do you go through great measures to sell the [ __ ] out of that thing. And then people can feel that they can. It's infectious that passion. And then you start to sell with passion and showmanship. And you start to just go through this enormous task to sell your product. And people feel it. And then they buy off you. and they buy off you in droves because you do not want to compete. You are here to take the market and to completely dominate. And everything that I have told you in this video is to set you up to do exactly that. It's not just about constructing funnels that convert. It's about how to engineer a business from the bottom of the pyramid all the way up where you become the apex predator and nobody can compete with you because you're developing the best products. you're selling it the most aggressively and you are an absolute master of your market and you start to distort the reality of that marketplace because you understand all of the economics. You understand the fundamentals that make it up. You understand all the products and services and that means that you understand the prospect the best and that's how people start to see you everywhere and they start to see like how do I see this person everywhere? It feels like everywhere I go I see them and it's not by accident. It's by design. The only way that you could get to that place is by following all of these fundamentals. And as a last word, I urge you to build a business and not to build an offer. What most people do is they are offer sellers. They create something that they want to sell and they go out there and sell it. They don't think about the prospect first and think about this is a prospect. What is it that they want more than anything? What are all the things that I'm going to need to be able to sell them in order for me to be able to get them to that thing that they want more than anything? And when you do that, you don't just build an offer, you build a business that has multiple offers. It is completely customer focused on getting that customer the best result possible. And when you do that, you take the market and you win. I hope you enjoy this video. If you like this, I did a whole video similar to this on marketing and running ads. You can click on that, like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next