Today, I'm going to share with you the exact step-by-step process that we've used to onboard and deliver exceptional results for over 1,200 high ticket clients and our coaching and service-based business. Our process centers around two simple concepts: shortening time to value and leveraging client fulfillment. If you don't know what time to value is, it's essentially how long it takes your client to receive what they paid you for. If you're a personal trainer, it could be how long does it take them to lose five pounds. [music] If you run an advertising agency, it could be how long it takes your client to see a specific return on ad spend. By shortening time to value, more of your clients will see results faster, and you'll get more referrals and repeat buyers. In addition, you'll have less upset clients looking for refunds or chargebacks. The second concept our client success process centers around is leverage. When you start your business, you typically have very little leverage. You're doing everything. You're running the coaching calls, you're doing the marketing, you're doing the sales, you're doing the operations, etc., etc. As you scale, it's important to add leverage in order to get your time back and grow faster. Now, the most obvious form of leverage when it comes to service delivery is simply hiring more team members. But that's actually the lowest form of leverage. instead. [music] Stick with me until the end of the video and you'll see what we do and what we recommend our clients do instead. If you don't know who I am, my name is Ravi Abuala. I'm the founder of Scaling with Systems, where we build custom endto-end marketing systems for coaches, agencies, and course creators. I make these videos because I want to help as many people as possible build a business that serves them instead of them serving it. So, this is what we believe to be the most optimal fulfillment or service delivery process for coaches, agencies, course creators, and online service providers. And I know it seems like a lot, but I'm going to break this down step by step so you can make sure you leave this with actionable items. Okay, so on the top left hand side here, you have the first box which says achieving zero marginal cost. So what zero marginal cost is is essentially a software term but in essence it means that for every new client you take on board it doesn't cost you any more money. So for example if you think about software like go high level for example it really doesn't cost them any more money if they onboard 10 clients a day or if they onboard a 100 clients a day. And that's why software businesses are so valuable because they have such a high profit margin and roughly a zero marginal cost. Now, in reality, in our competitive landscape today, if you're a coach, an agency, an online service provider, um, or a course creator, are you going to get a zero marginal cost? Very unlikely. Okay. But the goal, that should be kind of your north star here. How do I make it so that I can onboard as many clients as possible with as much leverage as possible while getting them the results that they want and they deserve? Okay. So the first concept you need to understand here is that if every single time you onboard a new client, uh it costs you more money and that number is static or it even grows as you hire more and more then you need people to manage the managers and you kind of grow like that then you need to fix this first before you start massively scaling because you'll end up in a in a spot like I found myself in uh at the beginning of this year which was we had to shut off all of our sales and marketing because well in all honesty the stuff was working so well but we were way we had way too high cost when it came to fulfillment. Uh I didn't have any leverage which is why I ended up building out this entire thing that I'm sharing with you uh in the first place. So the goal here is uh when I say hey getting adding leverage, you don't just add leverage for leverage sake. You add leverage so you can achieve a zero marginal cost fulfillment or as close as possible in our type of business. Now the second step in optimizing your fulfillment and service delivery is avatar refinement. Now this might be weird for some people. They're going, "Why do we talking about an avatar when we're talking about service delivery and client success and getting results for our clients?" Well, because I've worked with over 1,200 high ticket businesses and I can tell you without a doubt, the number one thing that impacts your client success more than anything else is the type of client that you onboard in the first place. You know, I've had multiple companies, multiple different offers, all ranging a different spectrum of type of, you know, a consumer business owners. We have a portfolio of companies and then like I said we worked with thousands of business owners. So I have seen how impactful it is to start here on the avatar versus starting at like let's hire the best people or let's have the best course or something along those lines. And I cannot um overstate the importance of choosing the avatar. And I'll just give you a simple example. Right? So at our company, Scaling with Systems, we work with coaches, course creators, um agency owners, and uh some online service providers if they fall into a specific category. And previously, we used to work with uh almost anybody that as long as they acquired clients through a sales call. And could we help clients if they came in, they just acquire clients through a sales call? Absolutely. Right? We could definitely get them results. But having clients come in at all different stages and different problems uh with different backgrounds and different business sets up and different uh pricing structures etc etc puts so much more weight and work on our service delivery process right instead of just saying hey we have this type of client so this is the type of delivery we need it was like we have this type of client and this type of client and this type of client and this type of client so we need this type of delivery this type of delivery this type of delivery etc etc etc. Another great example of an avatar refinement is we used to take people who wanted to launch their own uh you know coaching program or course or uh an agency something along those lines like they were they were at zero essentially they had an idea something along those lines like I really want to be this kind of person maybe they're even in a 9 to5 something along those lines once again can we help those people absolutely we can definitely help those people but the problem is is that the difference in somebody coming in already making5 to $10,000 a month at a minimum, already having a rough idea of what their offer is and you know their service delivery, what it looks like, already kind of having some product market fit. The difference between that person and the person that literally has just an idea is not just one step, it's like a hundred steps or 200 steps. It could be weeks or months or years. And remember, the main goal here is not just adding leverage and zero marginal cost of fulfillment. It's also shortening time to value. So if if I know that that could take weeks or months or years in addition to everything else we have to do for them, well then if I just skip that step and only work with people who have already done that on their own, then it becomes so much easier for us to deliver results in the shortest time frame possible. So, previously for us to launch uh what we call the self-sustaining funnel for our clients, like the endto-end marketing system, it would take us um weeks like like almost 9 to 12 weeks to get everything up and running on average for our clients. Now, it takes us on average 22 days to get an entire custom end toend marketing system up, right? And most people don't even track those numbers, which I'll talk about that a little bit later. But the idea, the main difference that I did in getting that down was getting people who already had a lot of the basics down and they just needed us to come in and build that marketing system for them. So, no matter what we do on the back end here, all the other stuff that we talk about, if you don't have your avatar refinement down, uh, then you're always going to kind of be playing catch-up a little bit. And that's why we talk about creating what is known as a onepager. Okay? So, this is something that we created for our business and now we help our clients create this for their business. And it's not just valuable for marketing and sales. It's also really valuable for client success. And the idea behind it is that you need to define before you go any further inside your business exactly who your client avatar is. You know, uh what kind of monthly revenue do they have? What what's their weight? Um you know what how many team members do they have? What CRM do they use? Being as specific as possible is going to help you out not just in your marketing, not just in your sales, but also in your client success. And also what we used to do is I used to think that it was just obvious who we serviced, right? I was like, "Oh yeah, we service this type of person." Like it was so obvious to me as the owner, but as we started scaling and we got 10 team members, then 20 team members, then 30 team members, then 40 team members. What I understood was what was once super obvious to me when you have, you know, a a director of operations and then you have a head of client success and then you have a client success manager and then you have a campaign manager underneath them. It's like you're so many layers deep right now that that person that's four layers deep, they they don't know um what the obvious person that your service delivering is. So you need to put it in black and white. We also realized that this was super helpful for the marketing and sales process so we could make sure the sales was closing the people that we know that we can deliver results for. So there's always this uh if you're running like a like a high six uh multi-7 figure business in our industry, you'll see there's always this kind of dichotomy, this ying and yang between client success and sales, right? Sales wants to get as many deals as possible through the line. Client success wants to make sure that the people that are getting through the line we can actually deliver results for. And so in what we used to do is like, oh, should we close this person? Should we not close this person? Should we work with them? And every day we were spending so much energy and my salesperson was almost or my sales team was almost afraid to pull the trigger on on a deal because they were afraid of what the client success team would say. And I finally said, you know what? Let's just define black and white who we deliver results for, who we will work with. And as long as the salesperson checks off these boxes when they're closing the deal, and we actually pull it up on our sales call to show our clients, we don't just work for anybody, then they have uh, you know, my blessing, if you will, to close that deal. And that has made all the difference in sales. It's made an amazing difference in marketing. And as I'm talking about in this video here, it's made a huge difference in client success because now we're just working with the people that we know we can deliver deliver the best results for. Which brings me to the final point of the one pager, which is that I highly recommend, highly highly highly recommend. You don't just think who do I want to work with, right? Um, who who would it be amazing to work with? I would suggest going back to all the clients you previously worked with or talking to your client success team, which is what we did, and said, "Hey, who are the clients that come in and they just get it right? It's like, you know, they pay us money and they're just like immediately they're grateful. They're they're crushing it. they're seeing results immediately. They're ascending into our higher products or packages. Like, who are those types of clients? And and when they told us that, there was actually a dichotomy with who they were saying and what our marketing messaging was saying on the top of funnel. And that's a whole different conversation about how marketing plays into this. But the point of it being that don't just guess your way to the what the one pager is. Do some serious work of who is like, you know, the 8020 rule. Who is the 20% of your clients that are getting 80% of the results? And then work to only close those people inside of there. And then that becomes your one pager. It could be a Google document. We use Zenesk guide. Whatever else you want to use, you want to have one page that people can't edit. They can just look at it. Um maybe comment on it if they want to. And that becomes almost like a holy bible for your entire company. Now, the next uh step that you need after you define exactly who the best type of clients are and who are the only type of clients you're going to be working with is create what I like to call a service road map. Now, ironically enough, the video or the the the chart you're looking at right now is actually a service roadmap for one of our product scaling initiatives. So, if I zoom out a little bit, you can see that this is part of an overall roadmap of how we deliver results for our clients. So, you know, we help them with their offer, we help them setting up their advertising campaigns, managing the advertising campaigns, and then we help them optimizing fulfillment, their onboarding process, and then even helping them launch a back-end offer, scaling that, etc., etc. So, what we used to do is we used to have, like I said, all random type of clients come in and we would do our best to make sure they got results and and we were just doing all this like one-on-one custom like, hey, this person is here, so they need to do this and this person's there. And everything was in the brains of me and my client success team. And instead, just like the one pager, I went back and I said, what was uh all of our best clients, what do they do exactly, right? What was the marketing campaign that we used? Did they run ads? They do cold email? What type of ads was it? Uh did they shoot video? Was it image? Um, what kind of software do they use on the back end? Do they have a nurture sequence? All of these things. And I and all this stuff is not going to be done overnight, right? This is if you're serious about scaling your business, this takes some time. And so I spent weeks analyzing all this stuff, right? And I came up with, okay, this is what if if our clients are match the one pager and they take these steps in the service road map, then it will be almost impossible for them not to see results in the business. And the other great thing about a service roadmap is is majority of of businesses in our industry don't have one of these, right? Any client that we help build one of these for, they just destroy all their competition in the marketplace. Because if you're on a sales call and you can say, "Hey, these are exactly the things that we're going to do for you, the step one, step two, step three." You are way ahead of everybody else who's like, "Oh, yeah, no, we're going to help you grow your business." Or, "Oh, we'll help you lose weight." Right? Those are just generic vague terms where we're like, "No, no, no. We boiled it down to an exact science, an exact formula. And we have this for every single one of our products and services. And we're continuously refining it. And you don't have to have this level of detail, right? Like I said, we run an 8 figureure business. I've been doing this for three and a half years. We have 1,200 plus clients. Like I have a lot of data. You can get a basic idea around this first before you come and put it like let's say at my level, but the idea behind it is that you should have a rough idea of what your clients need to be doing to see success, right? And that's the other thing that'll play into this is that if your service roadmap you're creating all these things and you're realizing like wow this is a lot to do for our clients or they have to do a lot in this scenario here that's when we start playing with some of the things that are disposable at our disposal like the one pager right so how does the one pager play into that well if you're noticing that uh in your service roadmap you're having to do all of this work because a lot of your clients coming in don't have this one thing set up let's say for example um you are a let's say for example you're a personal trainer and you're helping men lose fat. Okay? If if the person has never entered a gym in their life at all, right? They've never don't even know what a gym looks like. They're not even signed up to a gym membership, then you're going to have to spend a lot of time selling them on why they need to go to the gym, breaking the habit of them not going to the gym. And so, that's going to have to take up a considerable portion of your service roadmap. where now that you're looking at this and you look at the tools at your disposal, you could just simply say, "Oh, let me just cut off that part uh and and only sign people that have already gone to the gym, that are already going to the gym at least two times a week, bare minimum two times a week, right? They already have the gym membership. They already understand the importance of the gym. Just maybe they're doing the wrong things at the gym, something along those lines. By doing that, you can shorten the uh amount of time that your program or course or offer takes, and that's going to make put more money in your pocket because you have less service delivery. Uh and you can get more results faster. you can simplify things, etc., etc. So, that's how these things kind of play together, right? And we help our clients create their service roadmap. Uh, on top of that, if if you're watching this video and you just want us to do this all for you, I recommend um booking a time to speak with myself or one of our team members. Um, and there should be a link somewhere around here below this video to do that. uh the next tool that you have. So once you created your service road map, the first version of your service road map should just be um this is what the client has to get done in order to see results uh in this uh program or in this course or in this done for you service, something along those lines, right? This is what has to happen. Well, now that we know who we're working with and what the road map is, now we can start using different points of leverage in order to shorten that time to value and get as close to a zero marginal cost of reproduction as possible. So the the first tool that I think that a lot of people underutilize is the done with you versus done for you format. So let me give you a very simple example. In our core offer, Scaling with Systems, we write all of the video salesletter copy. We write all of the uh top ofunnel marketing message copy, the ad copy. We select the targeting. We write the nurture sequences for our clients. We have a whole expert team of copywriters that writes all of that for our clients. Okay? And and some of you might be thinking, whoa, that's a lot of done for you work. Like I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if that scale. that doesn't seem very leveraged. And you're right, it's not necessarily the most leveraged thing. The most leveraged thing for me just say here's how you write copy, go out and do it yourself. But the problem is that first of all, I'm in a competitive marketplace. Second of all, um I also know that quite frankly, we are amazing at uh writing ad copy and writing like long form copy for our clients. We've done it for ourselves, our portfolio companies, and all of our other clients. And so for me to try to train our clients on how to do copywriting, right, it it would take so long and they probably in all honesty wouldn't be that great at it on top of it. And so then they wouldn't get results. And who are they going to blame? Are they going to blame themselves or are they going to blame us? So instead I said, you know what, let us take over this part because we could write an entire marketing campaign, all of the ads, top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel assets. We can get it all done in like six hours, right? For each client. So why not just let us do that for our clients? And then that's the done for you aspect that we'll do. But then there's things that we'll help them do that they do on their own. So a great example is setting up their Facebook account, right? So for us personally, it's not worth my team's time to get on a phone and show them how do you go inside the Facebook business manager, how do you set up an account, etc., etc. That's just a our clients can go to YouTube if they wanted to do this on their own. Now, we have inside of our um course area, we have an incredible in-depth step-by-step um explanation of how to set it up with guides and PDFs and images and what to do if this happens there. So, we do have uh material around it, but I'm not going to get on a call and set it up for our clients. That's just not worth our time. And quite frankly, most of the clients that we work with anyway already have that set up. So, there's these like kind of ying and yang relationships between, okay, this is the most impactful stuff that's going to determine whether your client sees results or not. maybe you figure out what you should do that's done for you in there and then these are the things that need to happen but they could kind of figure it out if I give them some really incredible step-by-step instructions and they're also not bottlenecked waiting on us to respond back and that's when you can do um done with you now another great example of assets that you have at your disposal is oneto ones and so previously what we used to do at the beginning of the year when I had shut everything down was we just gave our clients our calendarly link and they could book a one-on-one call with us whenever they wanted to now we still offer one-on- ones to our clients and we still do quite a bit of them with our clients but there's a huge difference in how we leverage them. First and foremost, it is my personal opinion that people are I have absolutely no idea how to run meetings and people's knee-jerk reaction in order to see progress is like let me just book a call because then I feel like I'm getting something. I'm seeing progress when in reality I actually really don't like meetings and I don't think that a lot gets done on meetings. I think that if you sparingly use meetings strategically, it can make a huge impact on the success of your clients. But if they're just getting on a meeting and nothing has changed from the day before, then you're wasting literally everybody's time. Okay? So for us in our road map, we give we tell them this is the time you need to book your one-on-one call. So for example, um when we are for our clients, we refine their offers. So we optimize their offers to make it more appealing in a larger marketplace, make sure they have the ability to scale, etc., etc. We get on a call to do that for our clients, right? But we ask them before the call to fill out a short worksheet so that when they come to the call, we have a lot of this information that then we can piece together. That's another great example of done with you, done for you. I it would take us six hours to sit on the call and go back and forth. Okay, who do you think your avatar is? Who are your best clients? And then that person's looking up in their Stripe and all that stuff. But instead, if they come prepared with even, we have a worksheet for it, but even a bare minimum um amount of information on that call that we have together, we can go so much more in depth and we can actually get stuff done. The way that I tell our client success team is the one-on-one calls are to move people along the journey. They're not just to check in, right? Slack is an asynchronous communication channel. We have an individual private Slack channel with all of our clients and we check in with all our clients on Slack one-on-one on a daily basis, right? So, our whole team is inside there with them and their team in a private Slack channel and we'll go there. But to hop on a one-on-one to ask you how you're doing, in our opinion, that's a waste of everybody's time, right? So, you can strategically leverage one-on- ones during the process. And we have multiple. It's not like we just have one in ours. Um, I think we have like six or seven one-on ones inside of ours. So, you'll definitely use them, but don't make it unlimited. Uh, the next thing you need to figure out is client graduation. So the challenge I always tell a lot of our clients whenever we're working with them is um there's a I think it's you have to forgive me it's either Parkinson's law or praos no praos principles 8020 I think it's Parkinson's law but it's work expands to fill the amount of time that you give it so most people when I see they're launching an offer or they have an offer they offer unlimited access right unlimited coaching calls unlimited course because they think that'll help them sell more units and in reality it's a huge mistake or they'll make it 12 months long or two years long, right? In reality, it's a huge, huge mistake for two main reasons. One is Parkinson's law, work expands to fill the amount of time you give it. So, if someone thinks they have unlimited access to you, then they're just going to come and go when they want to, and they're not going to shorten that time to value. They're not going to be like, I need to have this happen tomorrow. The second thing is that if you have somebody have unlimited access to you, it's very hard to get them to become a repeat buyer or repeat purchaser. So if you want to really make a lot of money in your business, if you want to go from low or high six, low seven to high seven, low eight figure businesses, you need to have some kind of ascension or back-end offer. And that's where you see a lot of profit margins in your company as well. So, what you need to look at is like, okay, how do I condense the the core offer short enough to where our clients don't feel rushed, but it's a short enough time that they need to keep a a brisk clip going um and they're engaged inside of that, while at the same time sending them towards what the future back-end offer will be, which I'll talk about in a little bit later. Right? So, it's this ying and yang. I can almost guarantee you that if it's 12 months, it's too long. If it's unlimited, I guarantee you it's too long. You know, I've been in the experience where like I when I first launched our company, I was offering unlimited and some people really took it as unlimited. So, every single time we like three years later, these people were on the coaching calls asking the exact same questions right in the Slack channels asking the same questions. And quite frankly, it's like, okay, you're relying on us to grow your business at this point, which we're more than happy to help you, but like you've been doing this for 3 years without seeing any results, and that's because you you're kind of half-hazardly going about it versus condensing it all down and being like, we have 120 days, we have six months to make this happen. Let's almost like a little bit of an intensive like like a boot camp almost to make it happen. So, uh I highly recommend shortening down whatever you think the time frame is, cut it in half, right? That's that's really what I see for the client graduation. Um, this is part of our roadmap. So, we review it for our clients and give them revisions. The next step is going to be optimizing course materials. So, a lot of people in our industry, I I see one of two things, right? Either A, they uh think that course materials are bad and terrible and nobody's going to use them, so they don't create it at all. Or B, um, they have so much course information inside of there that they go in, log in, and there's like 700 modules with no kind of organization inside of it. Once again, I see it as a little bit of blend of both. Okay, so I think that course materials are incredibly valuable. You know, this is arguably a course material right here. You're watching this likely on YouTube or something, but this is like you guys are probably getting a lot of value out of this and this is educating you on what you maybe need to do inside of your business. And if I didn't have this video, I'd have to go step by step, one by one, explaining each one of these things to all of our clients when in reality, this like kind of 30,000 high uh 30,000 foot highle overview video I can just do one time and then we can do the specifics together one-on-one. Right? So using course material sparingly but using it strategically is incredibly important. So we definitely want to use it somewhat and on the other end of the spectrum having unlimited course material. Every time you ever have an idea boom it goes in the course material is also overwhelming. So the course material should match the road map almost one to one. So that's what happens with us. So every single stage in the road map has a specific course uh material and it could just be a course material that says hey book this call uh so that we can do this or hey at this step our team is building your copywriting but every single module is inside of this road map. So that way at any point whenever they are they can know exactly what's going on and what their next step should be and it doesn't require us having to ping them and let them know um what they should be doing at all times. Okay. So having course material is incredibly important. Don't just throw 500 things inside of there. Like anything else in life, less is more. So, we always are constantly pruning out things from our course material because we know our avatar doesn't necessarily like to consume course content. But, I would say that it's going to be impossible to achieve a zero marginal cost of reproduction if every single thing that you do, all the expertise in your brain, you're having to say one-on-one to every single client. Uh, the next step is going to be using some kind of course platform. It's called a learning management service or software, excuse me. There's school or Kajjabi. We help our clients set it up to be um like really refined and kind of playing into these optimized course material. Less is more clean, organized, simple, easy to access. Um I won't go too deep inside of this, but those are two that we love and that we use uh for multiple uh companies in our portfolio. The next is asynchronous communication. Um so asynchronous communication is where you can message something and then a person can get it and message back a few hours later, right? That's opposed to synchronous communication which is like a Zoom call where everybody has to be on the call at the exact same time. I'm not going to get into the meetings again about the downside of meetings. But the nice part of asynchronous communication is our clients can message us uh you know when they have an emergency in their business at on Thursday at 7:00 at night. Hey uh something's wrong with my ad account. I need you guys to look at it. First thing we wake up in the morning, we're on it and we say hey this is what we're going to do to solve this problem. Right? That's asynchronous communication and we very much highly recommend it for any coach, consultant, course creator, uh, agency, online service provider. You need something like that because it's it's not only an opportunity for you to help your clients and answer questions. It's also an ability for you to continue to nurture your clients, like I said, for ascensions, back-end products, services, etc., etc. So, you kind of want to create this community where they're always going to be involved and looking at at you for answers. And for us, we do it inside Slack because all of our clients are already using Slack. So, we just create a private Slack channel. They can use it in their workspace and now we act as one of their team members. So, literally, one of our unique mechanisms is we call it partnership without percentages, meaning that we act as non-equity partners in our clients businesses. So, just like any other channel they have in their Slack channel, they can click on our channel and we can go in and answer any questions for them. Um, that's what client Slack is. I'm not going to get into that. Now, group coaching calls, right? So group coaching calls once again I see two ends of the spectrum. People don't have any group coaching calls whatsoever or all they have is group coaching calls. I believe it is an incredibly leveraged use of time uh for you and your clients. That being said, you have to use it strategically. So our clients group coaching calls is like one of the last modalities of support they have if they need to get a question answered. Because I think that in my personal experience when I've joined other programs, if I have to sit on a 2 and 1 half hour group coaching call to get my questions answered, it's not very exciting for me, right? I'm I'm a busy person. I have things to do and so I don't like to do that. That being said, if I want to get on a group coaching call because there's people in there that are all doing 50, 100, 150, $300,000 a month in the business and I could hear the questions they're asking and the answers that they're getting from that, it's almost like a little mini mastermind every single day. I think that's incredibly valuable. So that's why you want to have optimized group coaching calls and how you structure it, how you start it, when you end it, how long they are, how long you let somebody go, right? A great example I give inside for our clients is like you also have to own the call. So if somebody gets on and I see this happen all the time, they're like talking and talking and talking and talk and they there's not even a question. They're just literally it's like three minutes have passed that you have to be able to control the call and say, "Excuse me, I'm happy to help you here, but what is the question you're trying to ask?" Because once again, there's 20, 30, 40 people on that call waiting for them to go. And so you need to make sure you own that call. So you got to take a proactive approach, a proactive leadership approach to those group coaching calls, but it should not be the main form of support or modality support for your clients. The next is going to be client discuss managers. This is something that quite frankly I'm going to have to create a whole different video. You guys can let me know if you guys want me to do that on here. I have learned an unbelievable amount about hiring. I always tell my clients that hiring is the most underused uh muscle in a entrepreneur's body, but it is the most important, right? It would be like if you never worked out your legs and you had legs that were like literally chopsticks, right? And you could barely walk around. And it's so funny because we barely we almost never hire anybody, but then we go out there and we're like randomly making offers and compensation packages and and overpromising and underdelivering, not setting expectations correctly, overwhelming people with too much work or overhiring. It's like there's like no method to the madness. And that's one of the things that we help our clients with as well is optimizing an entire talent acquisition funnel. But the point being that client success managers I have learned an unbelievable amount on how to pay them, how many clients per client success manager, how that varies per industry and per offer. Um what they should be doing, what the kind of escalation path is if you have a client with a problem, what that all looks like. Once again, can't cover it all in this video here unfortunately. But this, if you notice in this road map here, we've done what 10 12 things before I even talk about client success managers. And that goes back to what I said at the beginning of this video, which is that most people just knee-jerk react to hiring a client success manager when that is the most unefficient or most the least leveraged way to scale your business because they're human beings that cost money and really they're going to be just kind of like holding a finger in a dyke, right? It's like they're they're they're just there to kind of patch up the problems that are going on when in reality you should spend a little bit of time up front optimizing it. not 100% but even 70% doing some of the stuff that I'm talking about inside of here and it'll have a huge impact on the client success ability to deliver results for your clients and on how many clients a client sess manager can handle. So just for easy numbers if you have a client s manager and because you're so inefficient they can only handle 15 clients at one time uh then you're going to have to have a lot of client s managers to be able to do eight figures a year in revenue. But if you're able to have client sess managers, let's just say double it, handle 30 at a time, right? It's going to be half as expensive. And and the way that you do that is by doing some of these other steps inside of here. Another big piece of an optimized client success process is uh feedback. So, I'm a huge proponent of feedback. I have multiple videos on it. You know, I I really love feedback loops. The idea that, you know, you you think of an action, you take the action, you measure the results of the action, and then you decide how you're going to iterate to take that action again. So, I do that in every area of my life. And it's incredibly important to do it in your client success process. Once again, other than our clients, I see nobody else in this industry doing this. But there's something called an NPS net promoter score uh survey. And there's a few other kind of satisfaction surveys around it. But the net promoter score survey is like how likely are you to recommend scaling systems to a friend on a scale of 1 to 10. So we have multiple different satisfaction surveys that go out. We have one that goes out 3 days after they get enrolled and we make sure that what they were uh told on the sales call aligns with what their expectations were. That way we can handle any kind of problems that show up there. We have another that goes out after the end of their onboarding call. Another one goes out at the end of any kind of one-on-one call that they have. And we have a few more timed ones that go out as well. And and the results uh they can choose to either be anonymous or they can be or they can put their name on it. And they all get published um published inside of our company's Slack channel for everybody to see in a Slack channel that everybody's in. our client as managers and the whole company can see how well we're doing to deliver results for our clients or how bad we're doing to deliver results for our clients. And and that also helps your sales people have conviction to continue to sell people when they're like, I don't know if it's the right thing for me, like blah blah blah, whatever the objections they throw. Well, if your salesperson sees it every day, you're getting a 10 out of 10, 10 out of 10, 10 out of 10. And people are typing in like, wow, I'm so happy you let me in here. I was so skeptical and I'm seeing these results. it gives them the conviction to hold somebody to uh you know hold them down when they're like trying to wiggle away because everybody's afraid of change right so satisfaction survey is huge huge part of it um this video is a little bit long I guess I'll really cover the onboarding process quickly and maybe I'll do another video in depth on the onboarding process later so this is all we've talked about the entire um client success client fulfillment service delivery process as a whole I put the onboarding process in a separate uh category here Because in reality, your client's going to make a decision whether they're going to see results or whether they like you within the first two to three days of working with you. Okay? So the first experience they get, what I see a lot of people in our industry is like they have the most amazing marketing in the world, the best salespeople in the world, all this beautiful branding, everything looks all good on the front end, and then they close the deal and it's like boom, they disappear. It's it's a ghost town. Everything's like like band-aid together, nothing looks good, etc., etc. And that's the majority of people because they don't have a seamless onboarding process. So what you want to do is make it so that whenever somebody does finally decide to work with you, the handoff, I call it the handoff between sales and client success is seamless. Right? The way that I always like to explain it to our clients is think of it this way. Uh this happened to me recently. I was sending a wire through Chase and through my bank and uh they put the wire on pause, right? So they put the wire on pause. I had to call them and confirm the wire. So, I pick up the phone, I call them, I I go through the explanation with the first person, they go, "Oh, I'm I'm sorry. This is the wrong department. You're a private client. You need to go to another department." I'm like, "Great." So, they I wait 15 minutes, they give me to the other department. They pick up the phone. I explain the service. They go, "Oh, you know what? You're in the wrong department. You're trying to send a personal wire. This is for business." And so, they're like, "I got to try I got transferred three times in total." And every time I had to restart my story and tell them. And I'm like, "This is unbelievable. They call you a private client, which is like one of their higher levels of clients. But here I am like feeling like a a schmuck, literally resing my story over and over and over every single time. And it took me two days as well because the first day they said, "Oh, well, we had to review this and we'll call you back." And then I had to call them back cuz they didn't call me back. So like, anyway, obviously I'm venting a little bit here. The idea behind this is how much more amazing would it be if when I got the wire that was paused um and I called them, the first person said, "You're in the wrong department. let me get a little bit more information and then I'm going to put you on hold. I'm going to explain it to the new person. Then when the call gets transferred over, I'm going to make sure I'm going to stay on for a few seconds, make sure you understand where you're at and they understand and then I'm going to get off the call. You know, that would have saved so much time, right? Instead of hopping and hopping and hopping and all these kind of dis uh conjointed departments. Same thing in your sales and marketing. So, what we like to do, I'll talk about it here in a moment, but we like to make the handoff as seamless as possible by having the salesperson all of the notes and information and things that we covered on the sales call, what they're looking for, what their pain points are, what their sticking points are. We transfer that over to the client success managers through a system we call the deals closed activity. And then our client success manager can pick up the phone as soon as a new deal comes in and call them and say, "Hey, Bob, what's going on? I saw you're a coach, you know, fitness coach servicing men from 25 to 50. your biggest problem is that your Facebook ads are only at a 1x rorowass or trying to get them at a 2.5x rorowass. Uh, and you said your kind of biggest sticking point was the fact that you've been burned a lot in the past. Well, let me tell you blah blah blah, right? How amazing is that? Because now it shows that the two departments are working together and talking together. So, you want to create a seamless onboarding process because that'll shorten time to value, get your clients more results, etc., etc. Um, the main thing in a in a sales process on the um on the pro when you're trying to close a deal to have a a streamline onboarding process is an automated proposal. If you don't have an automated proposal, I highly recommend getting one. It's very simple. Uh, there's a m multiple different softwares out there, but it makes it so that all your client has to do is literally click a button and they sign and they're on to the next page. Um, for our clients here, we give them our entire client success system. So, we use a sauna in order to manage uh all of our clients, hundreds of clients inside of our company and we have a very specific setup inside of there where it's like different stages that they're at. We have automation move them as we get closer to the graduation stage. It matches what the road map shows as well. So, I'm not going to be able to show that in this video here, but having, you know, what we used to do is just use our CRM, right? And it was like, oh, whenever we close a deal, they're just in our CRM. But what I've learned as we scale was like, okay, we need to treat the client success process very similar to how we treat the marketing and sales process and have different stages, have different statuses. And that's what the client success system looks like. The deals close activity is what I talked about earlier. It's how your sales team can hand off the um the deal to the client success team in a systemized way as possible. So, we have a form that every salesperson has to fill out whenever they close a deal. And they input all the information that's required for the client's test team to pick up the phone and know what to do when um whenever they close a deal, which is what the welcome call is. So, I give our clients our welcome call script, but we make it a point just like I'm sure a lot of you have a setter [clears throat] pick up the phone and call somebody whenever they close a deal uh or whenever someone opts in immediately. You want to have the same thing for client success where soon as someone call closes, oh, I just sent this money, I'm nervous, boom, they get a phone, it's a real person, they're understanding, they know where they are. That's what a welcome call is. You need a really strong onboarding form. So, we love onboarding forms because it can kind of center our client and it lets us know in their own words, not just the salesperson's words, where they're at, what assets they have, where are they getting their deals, most of their deals coming in from, what they define as their biggest sticking points, what their goals are. The onboarding form also becomes really relevant later on when it comes to um when it comes to case studies and testimonials because then when a client shares their win with you, you can compare it to where they came in as. So, we just did this the other day. Client came in, they were doing $20,000 a month and when they were graduating, they were doing us a testimonial and they were at $200,000 a month, right? So, I'm not saying every client sees that, but I'm saying that it was cool to have that discrepancy between both of those whenever you're creating case studies. Uh there's a welcome video. So, there's something called an onboarding funnel. Once again, just like a salesunnel, just like a talent acquisition funnel, you have an onboarding funnel that includes stuff like a welcome video. And the welcome video is the first experience that your client has other than the welcome call in order to kickstart their process working with you. So whether you're an agency, a course creator, a coach, this is where you're saying, "Hey, here's how you get support. Here's the uh what the roadmap looks like. Um here's how the process is going to go. Here's how the timeline works." All of that stuff you're covering in the welcome video. Uh then you create what we like to call a welcome post. we create it for our clients. Uh so whenever we get a new client that comes in after the welcome call, we love to make a welcome post on them. This can be before or after the onboarding call. But one of the biggest points that we like to sell in our company is access to a community of entrepreneurs. We have a bunch of really amazing people inside of there. So we like to introduce them so that they can network and learn with other people. Uh the onboarding call, the onboarding call is once again a whole module in of itself because this is like the first real modality of support that your clients are experiencing from you. The onboarding call is the orientation. This is when you go to school and you're learning how do you go to school. That's what the onboarding call is, right? So, you need to have a systemized onboarding call that covers that's structured enough that you can cover the majority of like here's how you get help. It's actually mirroring a lot of what the welcome video is. Um, but a lot of people won't watch the welcome video. So you do it on the onboarding call, but then you also leave enough time to also do a custom uh uh kind of audit and start the custom work to work with your clients because every client is not going to fall under this picture perfect avatar situation. So then you leave enough time at the end to make sure that you're answering your client's questions. They know where to start and what to do. Um and then the client management pipeline is what I talked about earlier, the client success system that's having it so that you can drag people stage to stage. You can update people. You can reach out to people and ask them help whenever they're having an issue or situation. you can update them inside of that pipeline and that way the next person that goes in and checks on them or um they have an issue later on, we can kind of see the history of everything. Um, and the final piece of this that I'll say this is uh for them to book a call to speak with our team. Once again, that's an example of the one-on-one call used very specifically inside of our uh inside of our products. The final piece I'll give you here is what's known as a secret shopper. So, once again, never heard anybody else talk about this. I learned this back when I used to work, for those of you that are in the United States, specifically the Southeast, at a grocery chain called Publix. And at Publix, they would have secret shoppers. Um, and I was a cashier there. And so they would hire random strangers to come into the to the store and then purchase things, ask questions, look lost, um, have issues, and go through the whole process end to end. And then they would leave the store and the store manager would be waiting outside and they would say, "Here was my experience. this this this this this and the store manager could come back in and give people the necessary feedback. Right? So, you know, that kind of kept the client success team or for us the cashiers always on their toes knowing that at any point there could be a secret shopper. Now, do you need to always every week have a random person be going through your stuff? No. But for us, we do it every quarter. So, every quarter I find somebody that matches our avatar that has our our specific problems and I tell them, "Hey, I'm going to I want you to join uh our company scaling systems for free. You don't have to pay us any money." But in exchange, I want you to document where are you getting stuck, what are the issues you're experiencing, etc., etc. And so, it's kind of like I'm paying them because they're getting everything that we give our clients for free. Uh, but at the end of it, they're able to give me, for example, we typically get full Google documents of like, hey, you know, this thing didn't work, this thing didn't load, this link was broken, this person said this thing to me, I felt like this area was slow, this thing was great, etc., etc., right? So, the secret shopper at the very, very minimum, it needs to be somebody other than you. It needs to be somebody outside your company, but it needs to be definitely somebody who is your avatar and has your pain point so it can be as close to a real client as possible. Look, I know you're probably overwhelmed with the amount of information that I just gave you on here. And that's why I want to invite you, if you're interested, to book a call to speak with myself or one of our team members where we can walk through how we can install this entire system in your business virtually done for you. This is just one small piece of the larger roadmap that we implement for our clients inside of our company scaling with system. So whether you have a marketing problem, you you're not getting enough qualified booked calls on your calendar, you have a sales problem, you're not closing enough of those qualified uh booked calls, you have a client success problem, you're not able to scale because your process doesn't have even a fifth or or two-fifths of what we're talking about inside of here, or an operations problem, you're not having the right people, you're still having to do everything. You're the sole thinker and decision maker in your business. We have solutions for all of those and it's not just a a highlevel course that we're giving you. It has this level of detail for every single one of those problems with a solution involved in it. So, if you're interested, I recommend going below this video right now and booking a call to speak with myself, one of our team members. And nonetheless, I hope that you enjoy this video. Thanks so much.